I decided to fast for 30 hours before participating in the ceremony. I knew that vomiting was inevitable, and I had been told that fasting would give me a stronger experience. I had pretty bad altitude sickness because I had just arrived in Cusco (elevation 3326 m), so it wasn’t hard to fast. At sunset, we took an old-school volkswagon beetle up to the top of one of the hills surrounding Cusco. We entered a fairly spacious hut; three bed-mats with plenty of blankets were lined up in front of an altar. I remember having a conversation with the Curanderismo while he was preparing for the long night ahead. I distinctly remember him saying: “Ayahuasca no es una droga. Ayahuasca es La Medecina.” That resounded in me. 

He began the ceremony by lighting a candle inside of a large frame with holes running along the sides. This gave the room an eerie glow, as the candle flickered and projected shadows along the walls. He then proceded to fill his mouth with coca leaves, tucking them under his lip as he chanted a ritual song. Tobacco and coca are sacred to the Curaderismos, for they allow contact with the spirits. He then pulled out an empty, plastic water bottle filled with some dark fluid, the Ayahuasca. He blessed the Ayahausca with a prayer, then blew over the top of the bottle before pouring the liquid into small, ceramic glasses. He handed each of us the drink, then gave us individual blessings by blowing tobacco smoke all over us. He told me to drink it all at once. It tasted like some strong, exotic, bitter wine, but it wasn’t nearly as disgusting as I had expected. I was pleased by this. 

The purge happened after about 20 minutes. It didn’t last long. After I was certain that all of the Ayahuasca had left me, I got comfortable and laid down. There were some windows on the thatched roof, which allowed me to see the night sky. When I closed my eyes, I began to see geometrical patterns, fractals actually, all across my visual field. Then I felt a presence, as if I was surrounded by dozens of people. They were there to comfort me, to calm me down, and I began to feel wonderful. I heard, or possibly felt, a woman assure me that everything was going to be ok, and she beckoned me to come with her into the spirit world. She felt very motherly, which evokes images of “mother earth” or “panchamama”, as they say in Quechua. Then a red light appeared which jolted me up. The Curanderismo was staring straight at me, and then he asked me, “You O.K., (x)?” He would ask me that question throughout the entire night. It’s actually a joke I still have with one of my friends who was there with me. Even when I was uncontrollably hallucinating, I would still respond “si”. It almost amused me, because I would always have to think for few seconds, “Am I ok?” I always was, and I’m very glad he would ask. There were some difficult situations that he helped me through later in the night. Ayahuasca should never be used without a shaman. 

The Ayahuascero played sacred songs, ancient songs, beautiful in their own right, but not comparable to anything I had ever heard before, except for maybe the chanting of Chasidic rabbis. He used drums and flutes and vocal intonations to guide our experiences. The shaman uses these auditory signals purposefully to evoke visual imagery within the participants. The songs, or Icarus, convey information, stories, about their ancestors. My visions would consist of jungles and jaguars and hunts and feasts and people, and it reminded me of the Torah, just their jungle version of it. For hours he was consistently able to provoke this imagery. I believe this may represent a novel form of communication that has yet to be studied by modern science. It’s worthy of investigation. 

During the first 3-4 hours, I came into direct contact with multiple hyperdimensional entities, also known as spirits or angels. However, there were many different types of entities I encountered, and the differences must be addressed in order to understand the phenomenon. Some spirits had human qualities, which ranged from ordinary to powerful shamans. I remember one entity had a very strong presence; the Ayahuascero became silent, and the candle began flickering furiously when the spirit entered the room. Many of the spirits would enter my body, and I could feel them; I felt like most of them were healing me, although some would speak to me in exotic languages that I couldn’t understand. Some spirits were not human at all, and if I were to guess, I would say they were plant spirits. I could just tell. Some spirits seemed like they were responsible for our existence, as if they played a role in the unfolding of the present moment. At first, my reaction to these spirits was that this was ridiculous, that they must just be hallucinations. But after about an hour of observing them, and scrutinizing them, I came to the rational, semi-empirical conclusion that they were real. They passed all of my cognitive tests for what spirits would actually look like if they were real, by that I mean they were far stranger than anything I could have ever imagined to be real. However, I must stress that there are no words adequate in describing them, and most of them were felt, not necessarily seen, in the traditional sense at least. It’s just one of those things that may sound ludicrous to somebody reading this, but makes perfect sense if you actually experience it. 

At some point I realized that my experience was over. It went by too quickly. I hadn’t seen my spirit animal, I hadn’t had an out of body experience, I hadn’t felt the presence God, I had just interacted with these spirits that showed me random shit. That was it. But what insights had I gained? It was a cool experience and all, but not the most profound experience of my life. I was a little disappointed. However, the Curanderismo noticed this. He laughed and said I could always just drink more; he said I would fully enter the spirit world if I drank more. I was a little nervous about that prospect, and went into the bathroom to fully think it over. In the end, I realized that I might not have the opportunity to do this again. 

I drank the second glass of ayahuasca. I had no idea what was about to happen. While I was waiting for the ayahuasca to take effect, I could hear what sounded like a few dozen dogs right outside of our hut. In Cusco, dogs travel in packs; they aren’t confined to the backyards of their owners. They began to growl, and soon a huge fight broke out between two of the dogs. The intensity of this situation, with over a dozen dogs barking and growling at one another, made me feel extremely uncomfortable. Then the purge happened, and I was immediately catapulted into the psychedelic realm. I kept on thinking to myself: “Why did I drink it again?” “This is too powerful.” “What is happening to me?” “Where did the spirits go?” “Why is the shaman silent?”

I heard this loud noise, like somebody was turning a nob inside of my head that controlled all of the possible frequencies of sound. I also began to enter these extraordinary visual realms, and then immediately forget what happened. Visions were flowing so fast that I couldn’t comprehend anything. However, the experience came in waves, and when I was aware enough to think about my situation, I realized that I was experiencing my subconscious. I began to analyze myself, and I felt like I was at the cusp of realizing what a thought was. Then I realized it was a paradox, how can a thought be used to understand what thoughts are? I also had many personal realizations about life, my family, and myself. I understood that our time on Earth was finite. 

At some point the dogs stopped fighting, and I became calm again. I laid down, and looked through the roof at one of the stars. At this point, I could understand the dogs. Communication with animals is definitely possible. That sounds really weird, but I could literally understand and empathize, on a deep emotional level, the information that the dogs were conveying in their howls. This sparked profound realizations. I realized that on a fundamental level, all conscious entities were the same. The only differences between our consciousness, and the consciousness of dogs, were merely different wavelengths within a greater medium. 

Upon this realization, my vision became engulfed with a white light. The light was so bright and beautiful that I began to uncontrollably cry. I knew that I was experiencing the same white light people describe upon death. It was the source of all consciousness. It was omnipresent, eternal, and about as close to a description of God as you can get. This must be God. I understood how all life, and the universe, was connected by fractals in this hyperdimensional membrane. I felt like my soul had connected to an ocean made of light, and tears flowed down my cheeks as I saw the entire universe , galaxies and all. 

I could feel the ayahuasca coursing throughout my veins. I noticed that I couldn’t feel my hands; my body slowly became numb. I accepted God, in all of his glory, and prayed that I would be safe. There were no entities to guide me this time. 

Very soon I had no body. I just was. Complete and utter transcendence. But I could still see, which puzzled me, because I had no eyes. I actually began to float out of my body, and into the room. I could see my life-less body, laying down, with my hands across my chest. I could see the shaman, and my two friends, (Y) was crouched in the fetal position. But there was also this violet light, and it seemed to be coming out of my body; the room was filled with this light. I wasn’t scared because I knew that out-of-body experiences are common on ayahausca, but I never thought it would feel this real. The realization that I had become some sort of hyperdimensional entity freaked me out. What if I never returned to my body? Was I dead? Immediately, I returned back to my body after thinking those thoughts. I was both filled with relief, that I was alive, and regret, that I hadn’t gone further into the spirit realm. However, my body was still fairly numb, and raising my hands gave me the sensation of flying through some ethereal realm. 

Ayahuasca is gentle. The effects just slowly taper off, and there’s a calm afterglow. I had no desire to return to that realm. I got what I had come for. It’s amazing how quickly you forget what the experience was like. Within a few hours, I didn’t even have the ability to imagine what I had just felt. My strong convictions about the existence of God and Spirits declined, but at the same time, I knew that while I was experiencing it, my core self, was there. I trust myself, and I trust my judgement, even on Ayahuasca. I realized that there is legitimacy in spirituality. Even if God doesn’t exist, I know that God is a perception that people have the potential to have. At least the stories aren’t completely based in bullshit. I feel like ayahuasca prepares you for death as well. I am no longer afraid of death. We will all eventually die. It takes away the mystery; allows you to at least imagine what the afterlife might be like. What’s the point of believing nothing happens after death anyway? It’s fucking depressing. 

Reflecting upon my experience, I am no longer the same person. First of all, the Ayahuasca literally did heal me of certain gastrointestinal discomforts that I had had since first grade. I feel much more in touch with my body as well. I no longer drink alcohol; I have absolutely no desire to use drugs for temporary pleasure. I exercise on a daily basis. I feel as if my life actually has a purpose, and I can’t waste any time. I need to live in the moment, and just have as many experiences as I can. I’ve never felt more happy, and content with my existence. I’m excited about what’s to come; about where my life’s journey will take me next. There is still so much we have left to learn. We can never forget that. 

I realized that it was time to go find the outhouse for my purge. It was almost pitch black by this time. I don’t really know how I made it to the outhouse. My world was completely made up of swirling colors by now. The purge was difficult but swift. Afterwards, there were too many colors and it was too dark to find my way back. Luckily, my wife realized that I had gone to the outhouse without the flashlight and came to get me and lead me back. 

I washed my mouth out and then went back to my blanket, too far into the dream to talk to anyone. I closed my eyes and fell into hyperspace. Some other aliens played games with me. One of them said, in a nice feminine voice, “If that something wasn’t that, It would be something else!!” and then went off laughing. J and his wife A were deep in some personal conversation about personal issues between them that J’s experience was bringing to the surface so my wife came over to cuddle with me on the blanket. She felt warm and loving next to me. I closed my eyes and felt safe and warm and wonderful all over. I tried to wrap my love around her and into her and the most wondrous thing happened. It was like the boundaries that separate us came down and we merged together into one. I felt our souls wrap around each other, coiling tightly and I felt totally ecstatic and in love and filled with pure ecstatic joy and made a wish that she and I would be together through eternity. 

Then I was in hyperspace again. I have been here before, on my two other breakthrough journeys, so I know a little bit about how to get around. It was ten times easier to move around than normal because we were two beings in one which gave us way more control. Hyperspace was, as always, a huge series of interconnected complex multicolored rooms that changed constantly filled with entities of all sorts. The entities seemed to be taking particular interest in our connected soul situation. They seemed to think it was quite interesting. Then, quite suddenly, they all split. They expressed something along the lines of “HE is coming!!!!!” and they all left. Then hyperspace itself came alive. The rooms became infinitely more complex and I realized that it was some sort of ultra powerful calculating machine, like a computer but fully sentient. Each facet of the wall was like a bit in a computer, but instead of being on and off, it was more like each bit has size, color, rotation, angle, hue, tint, sound and who knows what else. 

Anyways, it was obvious to me that it was a huge mind and that it was looking and us. It looked deep inside our souls and at the twining of them and did some sort of detailed investigation of the situation. Then it expressed that it was very pleased with what it saw. It seemed to ask both of our souls for permission in a language that I did not consciously understand and then began wrapping it’s own love energies around our coiled souls, performing some sort of magic. As it did so, it spoke, saying, “I light of this most special and wonderful bond, and my pleasure with the destinies that could unfold, I hereby grant your wish. By the power vested in my by I now pronounce your souls wed, eternally connected in destiny.” I could tell that we had to say I do or something so I asked her soul for permission and it just squealed in joy and wrapped itself around me tighter so I reiterated my wish and we shot off together to another space. It was like we were underwater, swimming in some great dream sea, our souls intertwined. I realized that this was like a honeymoon for our souls, or at least their wedding night. It seemed like an eternity of perfect love and joy. I have no idea how long it really lasted. As I came out of it, I noticed my wife stirring and wanting to get up. 

We went down to the river together. She asked me how things were going. I told her that I had been talking to aliens. She said, “I know. I felt them arrive.” I was surprised. “REALLY!?!?” I said. She explained that she had felt them arrive and that was the only way she could describe it and that it was freaking her out pretty good, seeing as she was totally sober. I told her about the experience with the soul marriage. She said that she had felt something that felt like she was being hugged by something non-physical and had noticed our extremely close connection. We spent I don’t know how long being very romantic by the river. Then, she determined that I was still too deep in the dream to make a whole lot of sense and said that we would have to talk about it later and left me to my thoughts. I perched on a rock by the side of the river and dipped my fingers in a the very cold water, which felt like heaven, and dribbling it on my head, which sent cold moving drops of pleasure dripping down across my head and down my neck. Actually, everything felt like heaven. I was ecstatic, in love with the world, totally blissed out! I sat and contemplated the beauty of my surroundings. 

Then the trees across the river started rising up into the air in great arks and dipping down into the river and everything started moving and swirling. “Holy my GOD” I thought over and over again as the world transformed itself around me and I kept laughing at the astounding ness of everything that I have seen so far. It all feels so much more profound even than my other two breakthrough experiences by far. Lights started dancing around and the aliens started come by to talk to me. They talked to me about all sorts of things. They talked to me about their society, and as they did so, the trees across the river rearranged themselves to form pictures of whatever they were talking about. They talked to me about my spiritual path and what they liked about it. The seemed to think that I was totally a beginner as far as they were concerned but going in a good direction. They talked to me about why humans can’t use their built in telepathy most of the time. Apparently anger, fear, stress, hate, and almost every single defense patterns that we use block that system. This is why we need to become self-actualized, they said. Only then can we really start to get anywhere. 

After a while, they got bored of talking to me and they left. Meanwhile, I can’t believe that I am experiencing all of this. I am totally blown away. Aliens. Soul marriage. I can’t even begin to express the intensity of my amazement. I guess that is why this description is so damn long. 

I was about to head back to the fire to rejoin the group, when I realized that I should show some appreciation for the wondrous gift that this dream has been. I felt this strong desire for prayer. I closed my eyes to begin and I became an expression of thankfulness. First I was thankful for my experiences of the evening. Then I was thankful for the wonderfulness of trees and rocks and mountains and rivers. I Became overwhelmed by the emotion of it as I became aware of every memory that I had of ever appreciating a tree or rock or mountain or river in my life. I became so full of thankfulness that I began to weep by the riverside. Then, a warm, loving presence came flowing into me and my tears turned to giggling laughter. The divine presence within directed my thankfulness and my awareness to my body. It told me that my body was the greatest gift I had ever been given and showed me why it is the most amazing machine I could imagine. The divine presence seemed to think that perhaps I had not been taking very good care of my gift. 

I have been working very hard at yoga and martial arts for the last year, trying to get into good shape. The divine presence was pleased with me for trying so hard but still felt that I could be keeping my gift if far better condition than I was. It told me that I was in nowhere near good enough condition for it to show me any of the really interesting visions that it would like me to see and to work on it. It expressed that it felt that letting this gift get out of perfect condition was extremely disrespectful and ungrateful and that people should really have much more respect for themselves than that and a greater sense of thankfulness for what they have than that. It said that it is like they have been given a custom built precision racing car of the highest order, a true work of art and they have run it for 30000 miles without an oil change, driven it through rivers and mud pits, let it rust and break down until it can barely handle driving on a residential street. The giver of the gift would be understandably miffed at the lack of care that his beautiful gift had been given. Then it sent me love and an understanding that it said would unfold over the course of the evening and then it left and I went back to my group. 

Back at the group, J is still laying in the shadows having his private dream, and A and N are talking by the fire. I am still feeling a bit shaken from talking to divinity, so I just said hi to everyone briefly and went to do yoga by the fire. After all, divinity seemed to think that I need to work harder. I started out in a deep horse stance, doing chi breathing exercises. It was very intense and wonderful. I could literally see and feel the life force flowing out of the trees and moving around me. With each in breath, I saw and felt in flow into my body and cycle around. Then I started moving, flowing fluidly through the asana. Doing the yoga was a pure joy. Then it evolved into a new yoga. Between each pose, I would move through a series of martial arts moves and then settle into the new asana. Never before have I ever performed nearly so well. Each kick was precise in its placement, each asana deep in its stretch and with far better alignment that I have ever achieved before. 

This is where the understanding ball that the divine presence gave me starts to unfold. First of all, something else starts showing me where to go next. I start seeing ghostly images of my own body moving into the position that I am to assume next and I follow. If it is a kick or something like that then I am rewarded if I hit my target with flashy lights. Anyways, following this, I move into an intricate dance of yoga, dance, and martial arts. It all flows together and it feel wonderful. Meanwhile, understandings are unfolding in my head all about why the human body is so great, why it is so important to keep it in optimal running condition, and things like that. There is also all this information unfolding about the moves of this dance of martial arts, dance and yoga that I am doing. It seems to me that I am expected to figure out how to perfect this sort of activity, as it is the best way for me to keep myself tuned up to divinity’s specifications. The dance itself becomes a form of meditation, a moving prayer and it keeps getting deeper and deeper as I go. Regularly, I do have to stop to catch my breath as it is VERY hard work. As soon as my breathing slows a little I am directed to go back to it and I do. Eventually, my lesson is over and I am exhausted. I go to relax and hang out with my wife and A. I am feeling much more normal now so I hang out laughing and talking to them and telling them all about my experiences. 

After an hour or so, I decide that I want more. I don’t feel that the spirits are done with me yet. It is my belief that the aya experience comes in two pieces and that you havn’t gotten all of it until you have bumped once. The second rise has a very different flavor and stands as a counterpoint to the first. I feel that one should always bump around 2 to 3 hours into the experience for this reason. It’s like doing the opposing asana in yoga. You just need to do it if you know what is good for you. So, anyway, I drank another 3rd of my brew. And went back to hanging with my friends and talking and laughing until the dreaming comes rushing back up again. Then I alternate between talking and playing and being struck dumb with awe at my situation and my surrounding and the beauty of it all. Sometimes everything transforms itself and I nearly cry with joy at the beauty of aya’s manifestation. 

At some point, I realize that I need to be alone and I run off to my tent. This is the healing portion of my dream. Further understandings from the divine presence begin unfolding again. I am shown that because I let my body get so out of tune, that it has become like an old brittle piece of leather. Said old brittle piece of leather can be brought back to life with care, oiling it and working it until it softens up again. Well, the yoga/martial arts dance thing worked it out and now I am expected to oil and clean up after than. I am shown where things are wrong through my body and powerful energy rushes through my body and I place my hands on the places that need it and the energy flows from my hands and brings warmth and relaxation. After a period of healing work, I relax again. My wife joins me in the tent and we talk for a while and then she goes to sleep. I can’t sleep yet so I hang out in the tent and think about things. 

They aya is still not done with me. The buzzing carrier wave that has been with me all night comes to the forefront of my consciousness and seems to hook into something. When it does so, my thoughts speed up, to catch up with the wave. My accelerated thoughts are driven and directed to look over my life, the current state of my progress down my path, and innumerable other things that it thought I should look at. All the while, further unfolding of the info packet from the divine presence keep bubbling up and helping to clarify that which I am thinking about. I won’t go into it here but it was all very beneficial to me and I feel a lot happier because of it all. Actually, that part was going to be the subject of another long piece of writing, or so I had planned at the time. However, somewhere in there, I drifted off to sleep and it got a little too fuzzy to make a good explanation. Oh well. 

Anyways, it was the most amazing thing that I have ever experienced and I am totally and completely amazed and filled with thankfulness for it. I believe that this is the answer. To what? To everything. Anyone who feels up for it should try the combination of ayahuasca, yoga, and martial arts. A truly wonderful synergy. And for anyone who actually read this much, thanks you. May love and happiness be with you always.

When I got to the ceremony, I remember looking at the people who would be joining me and thinking that almost all of them looked entirely too familiar. I heard that from almost everyone, and kept overhearing conversations like 'Where on Earth have we met? Do you know so and so? I know we've seen each other before.' It was wild. 

Upon the beginning of the ceremony, the shamans gave us gentle instructions about how to come up and take the drink. We were told that sometimes the medicine could be overwhelming, even terrifying and that if we needed help, all we had to do was ask. We were also told very strongly to hold our own ground, no matter what the challenge, so as not to break the strength of the circle. 

We went, one by one, drinking about a 2oz worth of the brew. It tasted magical: bitter, earth-like and yet with a very aromatic aftertaste that reminded me of myrrh. I held the drink in my mouth for a small time and then laid down on my sleeping pad, with a smile on my face that simply would not go away. 

When the circle had all had their drink, the lights went black. Several people lit cigarettes and the room started to smell strongly of tobacco. Within about 20 minutes I felt the first effects of the plant. It felt VERY similar to the come on of DMT: a whirring sound started...my body felt very heavy, weighted down and hard to move. The visions that hit me were ELECTRIC. The whirring noise grew greater, the visions grew brighter. Crazy tunnels of red, orange, green, black and pink took over my entire consciousness. It was like I was on the inside of a wild arcade game. The girl to my right was the first to purge. The maestro, who up until that point had only been making gentle shushing noises started to chant. 

Approximately at this time, the door blew open and the room became FILLED with darkness. Darkness that moved, darkness that spoke, darkness that sought out bodies to take over. I found myself embroiled in an almost unholy amount of terror as all of my faculties were swept out from under me. My visions would not cease in their intensity. I felt a very alien whirring presence within the visions and became entirely confused. I kept wondering 'Is this Aya?? Is this what I signed up for??' My body became incapacitated. I remember lurching for my puke bucket as the first waves of nausea hit, thinking that if I didn't grab it then, I would be screwed when it finally became time to purge. 

My sense of reality, safety and comfort shattered. I remember the maestro getting up and walking around the room, blowing tobacco smoke into the face of every person sitting. I was so entangled in the war of energy going on within me, I could barely make him out. I remember trying to see him, to let him know I was with him, but it was like the area in front of me was being violently shaken and cracked. Light was blocked. What I could make out was that maestro (who when I first met him was a very small and friendly man) looked HUGE, in full warrior regalia, with feathers and a skirt made of plants and animals. I remember thinking he might even have had a spear with him. 

The tobacco smoke made me almost violently ill...I slowly started to purge, feeling the medicine work its way through every fiber of my being, picking up garbage energy as it did so and relocating it to my stomach. I got the message that this purge would not come quickly for me...the plant had to do a very thorough sweep before I could let go. 

As I felt myself become more and more taken by the whirring, manic, neon light display that I was starting to doubt was Aya Herself, I remembered the words of one of the shamans: 'Remember to hold your space.' I struggled SO hard with this...I was still unable to move. My head was pretty much balanced on the edge of my puke bucket for what felt like days. I kept tapping my bucket to remind me I was still there, and rocking back an forth to the rhythm of maestro's voice, even though I couldn't remember anything of the reality I had once existed in. I started to sweat profusely and dry heave. I wanted to purge so badly but it wasn't ready. 

I remember thinking 'What in God's name was I thinking doing this? I'm not cut out for this, I need help. I need a kill switch, I need help! I want this to be over, over, over, how long have I been here? How much longer is this madness, this pain, this terror??' 

I tried to muster up the energy to call out to the shamans for assistance but I lacked the capacity to speak. I reached for my water bottle several times, many times unsuccessfully. I had never felt so desperately thirsty in my life. I finally started to purge a little. I could see into my insides: my intestines glowing purple and red, fueled by the energy of the vine, moving things up and out of me. I remembered to breathe somehow, which felt foreign and forced. I remembered my bucket, and did everything I could not to lose focus of the maestro's singing. It was the only thing showing me a path out of the Hell I was in. 

Finally, at the peak of my despair, one of the shamans came to me and grabbed my hands and asked me if I could move. I said 'Barely,' and tried to laugh. I think I told him I was afraid. He helped me to stand and told me to bring my bucket. I was sat in front of the maestro who started singing to me and two others who I couldn't identify. The shaman who brought me over gave me one more hand squeeze which made me instantly feel safer. I still couldn't believe I had even made it the 10 feet to sit in front of the maestro. As he sang, I felt much of my anxiety simply disappear. Every syllable he sang brought light into the darkness I had almost disappeared into. It was like the sun breaking through the clouds. 

I remember someone coming to the left of me and putting their mouth on my head and sucking something out very violently. Another shaman, I knew, but which one I did not. Finally, the singing was done and I was led back to my sleeping pad. Before I sat down, I turned very quickly and purged into my bucket. It felt amazing. 

I found out later that at the beginning of the ceremony, a rival brujo had learned of maestro's presence in our circle and had sent an entire hoarde of evil energies into our room. The door blew open and all light was swallowed by these guys. Being an extremely energetic person, and a novice in the spirit realm, these guys just had their way with me. I felt like I was being completely torn apart, eaten live. Their energies were lying to me, telling me that they were Aya, to surrender into them. My intuition, thank GOD, was strong enough to keep me from doing so. 

The next hour was spent in raging nausea, but the darkness and violence had slowed down. I felt far more grounded and confident I could get through it, I welcomed the medicine's effects, and I started to feel the teachings of Aya. 

Other people around me started to purge. Sometimes violently, sometimes gently. Every time they did, I felt a surge of energy course through my own body. I could sometimes feel it right before it happened. I realized my psychic channels were starting to open. Small noises, moans, grunts, snores, sighs would occasionally fill the room as maestro sang and chanted and shooshed negative energy out of the room. I felt another purge coming, as memories and people started to flood into my consciousness. People I loved, people I could see around me, the circle itself...I started feeling so much love, so much compassion. The purge that wanted to come was incredibly difficult to muster. I started receiving messages. One told me I could either go through the purge, which would be violent and painful, or I could let go and move the energy downwards and let it out later that way. 

At this point the female shaman, in a very coy voice asked if anyone would like anymore ayahuasca. To me, this was the most ridiculously funny thing I HAD EVER HEARD. I started laughing so hard I pitched forward. I was simply unable to stop laughing...the rest of the room joined me in one of the silliest bursts of energy I have ever felt. It was brilliant. 

Later, I was just about all set to go for the purge when my good friend next to me ERUPTED. She purged so hard that it took my own nausea away. I could feel the energy sinking down, I realized I had run out of energy to cleanse myself in that way, and I slipped into one of the most blissful states of consciousness I have ever felt in my life. 

I felt myself connect to everyone in the room. I also started having visions of those who were closest to me, dear friends and startling revelations about my family. Aya finally came through to me, loud and clear, offering me advice and information and insight about anything I asked. That's when I realized that having a strong intention before the ritual was extremely important to having a clear and focused experience with the plant. My intention when I arrived at the circle was to explore the hidden parts of myself I often ignore...the darkness and strength I needed to overcome that were definitely a result of that intention. 

Overwhelmed with the infinite amount of information She had to offer me, I heard her say 'Relax, let go, don't worry so much...there will be many more times to come back here and explore further.' 

I started to see incredibly powerful and beautiful sights, people bedecked in star-like jewels, castles made of alabaster high in the cosmos...I could see how the universe is an infinite fractal and how we can choose when we die where we go next...often we'll follow our friends to untold regions of the universe because we love them so much. Animal energies came to me, especially that of frogs. It had been raining all night and the water energy was fierce and lovely in the circle. 

Love. Love was everywhere in the room at this point. Everyone seemed just about done purging and there was a tangible sense of peace within everyone. Our female shaman started to sing. It was like listening to an angel, like a being of unconditional love and support. Her words were laced with pink and white shimmering lines of love, her melodies designed to calm us, hold us, make us feel grateful for the journey we had all taken together. I remember thinking 'Oh God, please don't stop, please don't ever stop, please let us come with you, you wonderful wonderful woman.' 

Tears of rapture filled my eyes. At this point, I was laying facedown on the ground, still clutching onto my bucket and realized I could let go of it. I was done purging. I was in bliss. Aya continued to give me more personal advice...I felt so close and so loved by her. She definitely has a sense of humor and will simply not hesitate to throw me a challenge, but she does it knowing I can and will overcome it. 

When everything was said and done, I realized I hadn't yet been outside...moving had been close to impossible save for leaning on my puke bucket up until now. I heard Aya tell me it was time to go outside, smoke a cigarette and either shit or get off the pot. With joy and a sense of humor, I wobbled to the door and embraced the night. I saw shadows dancing around and for a moment felt trepidation...I was no longer in the circle, I was open prey out here, but I felt such strength return to me. I had just been through the untold annals of Hell, I could handle this. 

Others followed me out...there seemed to be an understanding with about half the group that the ceremony was over. The next several hours were spent in joy and rapture as we shared our personal journeys while eating wholesome soup, fruit, nuts and bread. I have never felt so connected to a group of people in my entire life. These were my brothers and sisters, warriors who came in love, went through the muck, got rid of their demons and found nothing but radiance in their hearts afterwards. I kept hearing 'I am so blessed, I am so blessed,' from everyone who came out of the circle. 

Many talked of their visions and found out they had been almost identical to those of others. Several reported seeing vast numbers of friendly frogs hopping around. Five minutes after this information was shared someone exclaimed, 'Come look! A frog!!' A peeper had somehow snuck in the house and was just...hanging out. Another gift from Aya. 

I have been forever changed...I have received a sacrament and a gift, and despite the pain and the terror, had I not gone through it, I would not be in the place of harmony I'm in now. I avidly look forward to my next sitting with this remarkable and powerful energy. 

Namaste. 
