Ever since I heard of Datura from a friend at school a few years ago, I have always tried to get a hold of some, asking dealers I knew from around town. But I was never successful, as many people I asked didn't even know what it was. So after awhile I gave up hope and continued with the usual, smoking grass everyday, occasionally scoring some ketamine or opium to make life a little more interesting. Then last year I finally got a chance to try the stuff. One of my friends told me he had gone to stay with his grandparents for a week and noticed a plant near their house that looked a lot like Datura, so he went over to it and sure enough he saw the small, spikey pods growing near the bottom of the plant. He himself didn’t want to try any because he always feared any sort of hallucinogen because of the risk of a bad trip, but knew I had been wanting to try it for quite some time, so he picked one of the magical pods and wrapped it up in cellophane and brought them back for me. The bastard wouldn’t hand them over unless I paid him 20 bucks, but I figured it would be well worth it. 

I couldn’t wait to try them. First thing I did was found someone who would be a sitter for me, and that sitter was the most trustworthy friend I know (lets call him Steve). I asked my mom if he could sleep over and she said it was fine. So the next day, Steve came over around noon, and I got the seeds out of the pod and counted 37. I heard it only took like 10 or 15, and I wanted to have more so I could trip another time or sell them, so I decided to take 15. 

T:00.00 - Me and Steve went up to my room to take them. We put on some music and sat down in my bean bag chairs. I was feeling confident that things were going to go smoothly, mostly just because Steve was there with me, he was a very responsible person who I felt very safe and secure with. Of course I had a little butterflies in my stomach because I was taking something new, but it was mostly excitement, a total 'I can’t wait' feeling. As Steve and I talked, I decided it was time, and pulled the sandwich baggie out of my pocket. I got all the seeds in my palm and looked at them, little teardrop shaped things, darkish brown, almost black. I thought to my self 'here goes nothing' and licked my palm to get all the seeds stuck on my tongue, chewed ‘em up a bit, and swallowed. As they went down I got this overwhelming feeling of 'finally'. I have finally taken this crazy Datura, and in time I will be experiencing it. All I could do now is relax, keep the best state of mind I possibly could, and wait for things to kick in. 

T:00.30 - Went down to the kitchen with Steve to get a drink of water, and then went to the bathroom. No noticeable effects. Steve suggested we play video games while we wait for it to kick in. We went back to my room and played Mario Kart 64 and snacked on some doritos. 

T:00.50 - Starting to feel different. A lot like when you need to stretch really bad, but in my whole body. Mouth is getting dry, very similar to the cottonmouth after smoking a thick blunt. Steve is winning the game and I am loosing my grip on the controller, and I can’t seem to keep the A button pushed down. After about 10 minutes I feel much different, very intense, and I’m wondering why Steve is in my room playing video games. He reminds me that he is sleeping over to watch me because I took Datura. Right after he says this a wave of shock and fear run down my body like goosebumps, for I had completely forgotten the reason he was there, and that I had taken anything, although I do recall it, I am needless to say in shock at what just happened with my brain. I look at Steve and say 'calm me down', and somehow, Steve knew exactly what to do. He just smiled at me in this reassuring smile and said 'don’t worry man, you’re gonna have a blast' this made me feel incredibly better, and my mood shifted. After this, things seem to go back to normal, and I ask Steve to stop playing video games and go downstairs with me. We go downstairs into my kitchen and I pull a full pitcher of cherry kool-aid from the fridge. Steve got 2 glasses, then we went into my living room and sat down on the couch. I pour the both of us a glass and we sip it while watching tv. Afer I finish my glass I pick up the pitcher and gulp it down halfway. I am very thirsty, but the drink doesn’t seem to quench my thirst at all, it seems to glide over the surface of my mouth, leaving it dry still. I now just try my best to ignore it, and continue watching tv. 

T:01:30 I tell Steve I’ll be right back, and walk to the bathroom. While I piss I look at this picture above my toilet. It’s a cartoon of a polar bear lying on its back in the water, holding a wine glass like it fell asleep from being drunk. The concept makes me want to laugh, it seems like the dumbest cartoon in the world to me, and its location is just as random as its contents. I think to my self 'why the f*** do we have a picture of a drunk polar bear in our bathroom'. For some reason, this seems near hysterical to me. 

I walk out of the bathroom and go back to the couch with Steve. As soon as I sit down, my mom walked out of the kitchen and tells us she’s going to work and to behave, she’ll be back around 10. Steve and I say good bye and she leaves. Perfect. Now we have the house to ourselves. 

T:02:00 - Nothing much more seems to be happening. I have finished the pitcher of kool-aid and gone to the bathroom 2 more times. Steve says to go in the kitchen and refill the pitcher with water in case I feel like I’m going to dehydrate. It seems like a responsible idea so I go into the kitchen and refill it with water and put ice cubes in it. I walk back into my living room to find Steve has left, and the tv has been turned off. The entire house is dead silent. Then I hear the tv go back on, but the screen is blank, and I hear Steve saying 'hey I’m over here'. I realize that he’s calling me from out in my backyard, so I put my shoes on and go outside. At first I scanned my back yard for him, but couldn’t see him, and I couldn’t hear him anymore. I suddenly get the idea that Steve had come over for a hide and seek game (at this point I have absolutely no idea that I have taken anything) so I run into the yard looking around for him. Then I speak 'come out come out where ever you are' . Right when I say this my voice sounds very different, like a person who has gone totally insane. This starts to scare me very much, and Steve is nowhere to be found. I look way across to the other end of my yard (my yard is only about a 100 foot by 200 foot area, but now it was a soccer field size) and at the other end I see my dog’s pen, a fenced in area in the corner with all my friends who are straight edge that stopped being friends with me when I started smoking pot. I haven’t seen them in so long, so I run towards the pen. They look just as happy to see me as I am to see them, and they let me into the pen. We start talking and to my surprise, one of them pulls a blunt out of nowhere and sparks it. I am naturally amused but shocked, then they start to explain to me that they came to see me cause they all 'got into the game' and don’t think drugs are that bad after all. On the outside I am pleased to hear this, but on the inside I begin to get feelings of untrust. These bastards abandoned me years back. I don’t show any unpleasant feelings on the outside, and I continue to be cheery with them, although I keep a state of mind not to trust anyone there. They pass me the blunt and I take a super long hit, and hold it super long and blow out. After it went around a few times we all spark a cigarette to increase our high. We just keep talking and talking. It seems like time has stopped. How long can people just sit here and talk? It’s been hours, I think to myself (strangely enough I am still puffing on the same cigarette, but dont notice anything unusual about it). Then I drop my butt, and it falls under the chair I’m sitting on. 'Ah Shit' I said and got out of my seat to get it. I look under the chair but I can’t seem to find it. 'Did any of you see were my...' as I turn around I notice no one is there, and I am alone in the pen. A sense of anger comes over me, and I get intense feelings of 'I shouldnt have trusted them' and 'how dare they'. These feelings are followed by loneliness and then total fear. I need to get out of this pen and go back in the house. I walk back to my house across the long field, and it seems to take even longer to go back than when I had come. 

Next thing I know I’m back in my kitchen lying on the floor very sweaty, Steve is there sitting on the kitchen counter. My focus is very blurred and 'off' and I feel very confused about why he’s there on the counter and I’m on the floor, but every few moments I kinda snap back into reality and know exactly what going on, then snap back into delirium and totally forget everything. 

Next thing I know its already 6:46am and I am running late. My mom tells me I only got a half hour to get ready or ill get a Saturday detention. I scramble out of bed and run into the bathroom to take a shower. I suddenly realize how mush school’s gonna suck cause I forgot to do my homework and I have an oral presentation due today. All these thoughts make me panic and I know there’s no way out of it cause I already skipped school 3 times this year and got caught and I cant skip another day or I have to go to court. I get out of the shower and dry off as quickly as I can. Then I run into my room and get dressed and go downstairs to the kitchen. Right then I noticed something was wrong, the clock said 1:00am and the calendar was on July. No body was up. My mom was asleep and had been asleep. She didn’t wake me up for school, I did not have school in summer. I wished I was dreaming, and the thoughts in my mind were on the brink of driving me insane. All I remember after this is running back up into my room in total panic ready to cry and scream and if one more weird thing happened I was gonna commit suicide. 

I woke up in my bed with Steve on the floor watching me, he looked very concerned and asked me if I was ok now, if I was still tripping. I didn’t know what to say to him, cause right then I could have still be tripping for all I know. It was 5:00pm the next day, I had a bad headache and couldn’t focus on shit, and my whole body was in this dreadfully uncomfortable state. It took me awhile to collect my thoughts and figure out I was not tripping anymore, and I had these series of very strange realistic dreams stuck in my head from when I was asleep, but I can’t for the life of me remember what they were now, I forgot them completely about 4 hours after I woke up. 

From Steve’s point of view, in a nutshell, I had started acting weird when I had gotten the water from the kitchen. He said that he was trying to talk to me but I would just have this blank stare like I couldn’t see him, and then ran outside into my shed in the backyard and started talking to myself, and after an hour or so I ran out of the shed with this scared shitless look on my face and fell down, and crawled back into the house, into the bathroom and he said I was trying to drink out of the toilet, he pulled me up and carried me into the kitchen and put down on the floor and got some ice for me. He said I was talking in my sleep and saying random words in no logical order whatsoever but I was saying them fluently like I knew what I was talking about. Before my mom came home, he carried me upstairs and put me to bed, and stayed up to watch me, and he said I was talking out loud and moving around like I was having nightmares, and around midnight I sprang out of bed and ran into the bathroom and got in the shower for an hour and then went back into my room and put a shirt on backwards and some boxers but no pants and ran downstairs and stood in the kitchen for 10 minutes, just standing there. He said then I freaked out and ran upstairs into my room and he said he had to push me onto my bed and hold me down until I stopped moving, and eventually fell asleep, then he did. He woke up around 10 that day and I slept till 5. 

To sum it up in one word...insanity. That’s what if feels like if you start to snap out of it and realize what’s happening, but then you just go back into this state of total confusion and its enough to drive anyone crazy. Overall I am glad I experienced this, just to know what its like, but this is not for everyone, and I’m not saying the experience was at all pleasant, so I have no motivation to do it again anytime soon, maybe someday years from now just for some crazy fun. But this Datura seems to be something not of this world. The hallucinations were accompanied by delirium and confusion which made them seem real and like I wasn’t really tripping. This stuff truly is THE DEVIL’S WEED. 

So... I decided to take Datura orally for the first time at Burning Man in 2006. A couple months earlier I had smoked the flowers for the first time with my mother, and she had sent me off to the desert with a Ziploc full of dried leaves and flowers. Smoking the flowers, as others have reported is a slightly less relaxing buzz than that of marijuana (though surprisingly similar). Given the choice, I think I'd always pick marijuana, because it tastes better and it's less edgy. 

Anyhow, fast forward to Black Rock City, a few days into the burn. I'm there with my sister, 3 year old nephew and girlfriend of many years. We decide that I'll be the first to do this, and perhaps that they will try some the next night, depending on how it goes for me. I make sun tea out of the flowers, stems and leaves by stuffing a bunch of them into a waterbottle, and sitting it on top of the van until the sun goes down. I mix some up with a chai tea, and do my best to get it down. A pretty foul brew, and of course I make that choice I always recognize as foolish later - after my initial dose, and waiting for a short while, I feel nothing and decide to pour myself another dose. Almost immediately, the first dose kicks in. Considering the anti-emetic effects, I am lucky to vomit almost right away before it becomes impossible, kicking out some of that second dose before it piles on top of the first one. 

There's a process of being taken to the porta-potties and back to camp by my g/f. At this point, I'm having difficulty tracking the proper direction to and from these destinations, and an intense, horrid thirst. Absolutely the most parched I've ever felt in my life, and I don't have my water bottle with me during the trek. It's not pleasant in the least, and I'm squeezing my g/fs hand very hard, being mean and cranky and difficult to sit for, constantly pulling her off course and complaining loudly about how frustratingly thirsty I am as we make this little journey. Fortunately, this was probably the worst part of the whole experience, and things began to get better as soon as I managed to get back to camp and ingest some fluids. 

Nonetheless, things are coming on strong, with a lot of body buzz. After a small bit of exploring in camp, including apparently unsuccessful attempts to touch the pink flamingo attached to the van antenna, I decide that before I'm ready to deal with the world in this new state, I'm going to need to lie down in the van on the mattress and relax under the covers, and get used to my body. As I say to my companions, 'I feel like my feet are made out of something other than feet'. I spend some time in the dark, expecting the kalidescope fractals of other hallucinogens, but there's actually very little of this. 

I spend a bit of time reading (I think it was Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, but it may have been Inifinite Jest - I really can't remember at this point, except that it was one of my two large blue books, so it had to be one of them) and discover the visual distortion that will follow me through the evening. To wit, everything appears to be about six inches closer to me than it actually is (explaining my failure to make contact with the flamingo earlier that so amused my companions). I discover this because I'm unable to read my book with my glasses on, but if I take them off and hold the book at a normal distance, I'm able to read the book just as I would if I were holding it too close to my face with them off. 

Now, after a bit of accustoming myself to my new world, I get up out of bed and decide that it's time to play. My sister and g/f are not in camp when I climb out of the van and, reflecting on how unpleasant the trip to the bathroom with the g/f had been, decided to throw caution to the wind and left camp without a babysitter. When I eventually returned, I discovered that this had, of course, totally throw them for a loop, and that my g/f had a pretty good panic and went hunting for me, unsuccessfully. 

Once I set out on foot, I found that, while still present, the sensation of increased gravity began to lift away and my spirits rose. Other than the issue of depth perception, which made it seem to the people around me that I was trying to pet the things I was really trying to reach for, I didn't have the noticeable fluid visual hallucinations associate with many other hallucinogens. But, with the fact that I was at Burning Man of all places, and my lack of a babysitter to corroborate my story with, I frankly have no idea what I saw and heard that was real and what was purely a construct of my mind, making it hard to piece together a narrative of my experiences. 

I definitely experienced some disorientation, occasionally wandering into other peoples camps inappropriately. I was also subject to the phantom cigarettes and other items that so many other users report. In my case, I also had a phantom water bottle. I suspect that this phenomenon, while most commonly reported with the cigarettes, is actually something that is a user subjective occurence based on whatever repetetive actions they commonly perform. This would explain the water bottle for me (as keeping hydrated is the most common repetetive action I have going on out there on the Playa), and what I've heard for other people, like gamers who will fall into playing a game with a phantom controller. 

I had an extensive conversation with one fellow sitting under the scavenger hunt board, who I assumed was real, and a few other people encounters, but I do not recall imagining meetings with people I know, which seems to be something most people do run into. Instead, the most unusual effect is that I had what I can only call hallucinatory memories. I would find myself acting on a memory of something said or done, only to realize that not only had I not actually had the conversation or taken the action that triggered what I was doing, but that I hadn't even hallucinated the conversation or action, but that I was remembering something I had not experienced at all. Disconcerting, to say the least! 

One such scenario happened as I was trying to find my way back to our camp, and realized that I was bearing in the wrong direction, because I remembered distinctly having a discussion with someone about how a whole row of sites had been moved one row further out. Suddenly I realized that there was no way that would have happened, and that the conversation hadn't actually happened, nor had I even experienced a hallucinatory conversation, and that I was remembering something completely false. 

I also spent quite some time searching for my bicycle, which I had distinct memories of leaving... somewhere. In a very dreamlike state, I would wander looking for it, lose track of my self, start doing something else and then remember that I needed to find my bike. Eventually I gave it up for lost, and I did make it back to camp and reassured everyone that I was still alive and OK. I had never had my bike with me, it was in camp the whole time. 

After a bit, I decided that I had had probably about enough of Datura world, so I took 25mg of Trazodone which put me to sleep and allowed me to sleep well into the heat of the next day. Normally, I hate using Trazodone as a sleep aid, as it tends to require a very long window in which to rest (12-16 hours), or I'm unable to function the next day, but in this case, that was just what I needed. 

The next day I was still mildly disassociated, but I didn't have the multiday ongoing trip that many users report. Again, I think I was probably pretty fortunate to vomit early on, or I expect I would have had an even longer stranger trip. I haven't taken an oral dosage of it since, but I found my experience to be pretty positive overall, and have definitely considered doing it again. The environment I was in was, I think, a big part of why it was so positive - I can see why taking this drug around a lot of straight folks in a real city, instead of the sea of freaks in a temporary city, might be overwhelming and much more difficult to maintain. Running off without my sitter was unwise, and a bit rude of me, but I don't think I would have enjoyed that particular individual sitting me for the trip, so it turned out to be a good thing. If I do it again, I think I'd really like to have a partner in the experience to compare with, as well as a sober sitter to keep an eye on us. Both my girlfriend and sister chose not to imbibe, but I believe I was able to pass some on to another burner, though I don't recall ever getting any feedback from him on how it went. 

What follows are the events of my first two experimental Datura trips. I’m a 21 year old, 200 pound male experienced psychonaut, having used nearly all common psychedelics multiple times, as well as all but one 2C chemical. I’m an uncanny hard head to most psychedelic compounds (much to my dismay) which means I can rarely achieve the level of experience as many other experience report authors, unless taking an immensely high dose. The Datura inoxia I used was found on my college campus, and it is definitely a genuine, native specimen. I have spent much of this year researching and reading on the tropane alkaloid containing plants (Datura, belladonna, mandrake, brugmansia, and henbane to name a few). I had my heart set on belladonna, but recently I discovered a perfectly good Datura shrub, and that gave me the inspiration to begin. Both of these experiments were done indoors, in a large house with 21 members. They were all good friends, and a few of them knew what I was planning to do. I chose two experienced trip sitters to read a handful of Datura trip reports and the Datura-sitting guidelines, just in case things went sour. 

Experiment one: 

T-0:00 (3:00pm): Ground up 50 small Datura inoxia seeds in a mortar and pestle. The seed coats are exceedingly durable, and the mortar and pestle did very little to truly crush them. Moisture was expelled from them only after a long period of crushing. I chewed them as much as I could, and washed them down with water. Despite intense bitterness, I was able to choke them down with minimal gagging. This is a “test run” for me; I find it highly unlikely that the small dose will affect me. Fortunately, you can always take more after the fact, but you can never take less. At 200 pounds, this may be one of the smallest dose to weight ratios for which there is a plausible experience report. 

T+0:50: I’ve begun to feel the gradual placebo come up; something I often feel when very anxious about a new drug. It’s nearly certainly psychological, but to enhance the feeling, I smoked 10 seeds of Datura Inoxia out of a waterless bong. They smoke surprisingly well, and the taste, although slightly acrid, isn’t entirely unpleasant. It’s difficult to inhale once a certain smoke volume is reached, and the seeds taste much like a cross between burning marshmallow and gasoline. Taking large bong rips is completely out of the question due to the power of the smoke. The smoking has elicited a rather dry mouth, as expected, but only slight changes in perception. 

T+1:00: Another 10 seeds were smoked, this time with water added to the bong. This markedly increased the volume able to be inhaled. Sensory effects have begun to grow, but only slightly.

T+2:00: I’ve been trying to sleep for the last hour and surprisingly it was a comfortable nap. However, the effects were very faint. I had difficulty focusing on things, much like trying to view something after staring at the sun for a while. But the one way I knew that it was working was the dry mouth and throat; it was completely impossible to rehydrate; water simply seemed to run off the dry lining of my throat rather than absorbing into it. 

T+4:00 no new effects have cropped up, aside from more noticeable dry throat and an increase in epidermal discomfort; I felt as though I was wearing a wool jumpsuit with nothing over it. My friend and I cooked a delicious pizza, but I found it to be tasteless and dry due to the supreme lack of saliva in my mouth. It filled me up, but didn’t grant me even the slightest pleasure. 

T+6:00: I feel to be coming down already which is uncommon according to most Datura trip reports. The sore throat has gotten markedly better, my vision is slightly off kilter but barely noticeably so, and the skin irritation is no longer present. I’ll probably call it a night early, and for the next experiment, either double the seed dose and/or smoke the leaves and roots. A tea may also help. 

T+14:00: Feel much better this morning, although it has reminded me of how unpleasant the earlier night had been. I’m certainly not looking forward to upping the dosage… 


Experience 2: 

T-0:00: I chose to up the dosage considerably on my second experiment with Datura, picking one fresh flower, four fresh leaves, and roughly 300 seeds. I pulverized them all in a mortar and pestle until there was a soggy wad. This wad was added to 1.5 cups of boiling water, and I allowed fifteen minutes to elapse for the solution to concentrate and release the tropane alkaloids. One cup of the water evaporated in the boiling process, leaving ½ cup. I strained this with a coffee filter into another cup filled with lemonade and fruit punch. In this mixture, the Datura wasn’t even noticeable. 

T+1:00: The dry mouth is already in full swing, and by body does not feel good at all. There are pins and needles all over me, and no amount of rubbing helps. I have also grown extremely unbalanced, almost exactly how I feel while intoxicated with alcohol. I generally am holding on to something as I wander around my house, to keep from tripping (physically). 

T+2:00: I’ve fallen into some sort of hypnotic hibernation. I feel too lousy to walk around, my eyes hurt too much to open, and the spring water I drink is indistinguishable from puddle water. So I sit on my love sack, eyes closed, body intensely irritated. At one point, needing to go to the bathroom, I got up and swayed my way to the toilet. In my experience, walking while on Datura is much like walking blindfolded in a boulder field. It’s impossible to tell when my feet are going to land on the ground. Occasionally it felt as though I was walking with one foot on the sidewalk and one on the road. Urination is highly abnormal: I pee for much longer than average, but the volume expelled is significantly smaller. Also, after finishing, I feel like I need to go even worse than before. 

T+3:00: I believe I finally got into bed at this point, and that is where the trip truly started. It’s very difficult to explain, but I began to have the ability to switch between reality and dreams. One minute, in my mind’s eye, I’d be sitting in a field, speaking to a friend or two (in my head, not out loud). I’d jerk my eyes open and return swiftly to lying in bed. But the second my eyes closed again, there I was in an entirely new setting. The most incredible thing about these dream hallucinations was the speed with which they unraveled. I was literally having about six small dreams a minute, ranging from a quick brusque conversation to weeding a garden. Despite how mundane they were, it was always very peculiar to choose when to awake. I wouldn’t call these lucid dreams, because I was not in control of what I was dreaming; I could only manipulate the point when I started and when I ended the dream. Very few times, during what I assume were slightly more realistic dreams, I even woke myself up by speaking out loud rather than in my head. (I’ve never talked or walked in my sleep.) 

T+5:00: I’m woken up by some friends (they were not imaginary this time,) and we went downstairs to play some poker and then participate in a fraternity initiation ritual. The game had already started, and I was told to pick out my chips to buy in. Well, I counted out my chips and sat down at the table. “Did you get your chips, F?” I hear. Looking down, I see that there were no chips there. Embarrassed, I got up and counted out the chips again. I played five or so hands, but had a very difficult time reading the cards, and often made poor bets because I saw a four of hearts when it was really a five of diamonds. The ritual began, and I spent most of the time with my head down, testing the dreamlands once again. I took to having the same dream over and over again, in which I pick up a golden hexagonal prism. Each time, I tried to awaken still holding the box, but of course my fist was always tightly clenched around nothing. 

T+7:00: The ritual ends, and I’ve finally managed to get to bed. The dreams are growing longer and more difficult to awaken from, and I think the effects are starting to wear off. 

T+9:00: I wake up again to lead another ritual, but I’m so delirious at this point that I’m unable to speak much and (for all I know) really frightening the pledges. Mercifully the ritual does not take much time at all, and I’m able to return to bed. Although the sleep is fitful, I manage to fall into normal rest. 

T+15:00: The major effects are long gone, but I still feel slightly irritated. I have quite severe nearsightedness under normal circumstances, hovering around 20/100 in both eyes. However, at this point, the condition seems to have reversed. While normally I read with the book 8 inches away from my eyes, I cannot even begin to make out the letters with less that 12 inches distance between the page and my eyes. 

T+18:00: The rest of the day has turned out to get significantly better, although my short term memory is utterly destroyed. I’ve been starting conversations, and in seconds, completely losing track of what we were talking about. I’ve even lost the will to try and remember what the topic is. I’m sure things will return to baseline by tomorrow. 

Conclusion: This experience was much more like the “average” Datura report, in that it included a thin line between reality and surreality. I don’t think I reached the level I’m trying for yet, but this dose is very close. I believe I have one more attempt left in me before I leave Datura alone and move on to something with less of a body load and unpleasant side effects. However, I wish to give a good long time to prepare even more. 

Afterthought: I absolutely love altering my conscious, no matter how (Drugs, pain, meditation, or even things like removing my sight for a day). However, this drug is certainly not something I would seek out if I were looking for a good time. Although I wouldn’t call this a negative or a positive experience, I believe that an overwhelming majority of people should avoid it. Just because it grows like a weed doesn’t mean you should treat it like one. Some people say that each plant has a spirit associated with it. If marijuana’s spirit is a laid-back, spacey woman, Datura’s is a cunning and tricky sorceress. Even after years of Salvia experience, I believe Datura is fathoms more powerful, simply due to how permanently it can rip you from reality. 

I was with a few friends one night when I saw a plant with small cactus pods. I remembered having heard about it before when I was a few years younger. They were called Jimson weed. The word around the campfire was that if you cut open the pod and let the seeds dry out, they will turn brown and be edible. I had never heard anything about dosage, although, I seem to recall hearing something about eating no more than half a pod, though I am unsure if that was when I first discovered Datura or after my friends took it at my first encounter with it. Anyway, I took a few pods off the plant and decided to share them with other psychonauts I knew. I could not find the few people I knew would have tried it so I dried out a couple pods, anyway. 

A couple days later I saw that the seeds had turned gustably brown. 

At about 7:00P.M. I swallowed about half a pod which I estimated to contain about 280-320 seeds. I guess about two hours had passed until I started to feel the effects. I had no idea what to expect. I was watching something on TV with the lights off. I started to feel dissappointed. I got up to get a drink, or something, and I felt very heavy and lost my balance when I stood up. I remember telling myself 'wow, I am flying! I am really flying!'(the enthusiasm about flying came from my previous notions about powerful drugs like that: they will make you feel like you can fly). At that pseudoaerial moment the feelings were pleasant and euphoric until a vicious feeling of a cotton-mouth hit me. I 'glided' to the sink and got a drink. A few seconds later I had the same cotton mouth. I had terrible balance and poor depth perception(greatly reduced ability to know how far away anything was from my grasp). My friend Chris came home and didn't seem to notice anything was awry. Then my mum came home. 

it must have been near 8:00-30 now. 

It was November at the time and quite cold in Woodstock, Canada. I had been seeing some fast, black dots streaking across the room like a fly buzzing around. I remarked to my mum and Chris that I thought it 'amazing that flies are still buzzing around this late into November. I thought they all would have frozen.' They had no idea what I was talking about. The next thing I remember after my 'flies in November' observation was putting somebody's boot on the countertop and inserting various items like a pencil, a salt shaker, crackers, a fork, a small booklet and other small objects, into the boot. I can only remember telling my mum and Chris that I had some purpose to my actions; that it was a vital task I had to undertake. After I put all the random objects into the boot I put it back on the shoe mat, carefully and methodically. After that I stumbled to the fridge and became frustrated after attempting to grab a hold of the fridge handle. I could not sense how far away the handle was. I finally got it, flustered and nearly exhausted from so many failed attempts to open it. I just stared listlessly into the fridge and grabbed a carton of soy milk. I looked at it, astonished at what I was holding. With my eyes wide open and mouth ajar as if I had just prevented a lit cigarette in my dust bin from igniting some tissues and newspapers on fire, I asked Chris, 'wow, Chris! Where did I get this?' 'Uhhh, the fridge,' he said. At this point they still didn't grasp the seriousness of just how stoned I was. They were aware that I was acting strangely, but couldn't think of anything that would have had that effect on me. My mum was a bit worried and deduced that I must have taken something, and told Chris to keep an eye on me. 

It must have been around 9:30-10:00, about two or three hours into the ordeal, when I found myself in the bathroom, several times, as I kept walking in and out after completing some job. I remember holding an oval soap dish with a brown and golden ancient Egyptian border around it. I kept trying to wash it off and then I would place it on its side when I finished. Chris was standing at the bathroom door the whole time without my noticing him, just watching what I was doing the way someone would watch a physical altercation unfolding across a parking lot, waiting to see if it would become serious or violent before getting involved. Every once in a while I would realise he was there and tell him that things needed to be cleaned and that there was some problem in the bathroom. The most severe (if that is the right word) thing I remember from that night was waliking into the bathroom again. I looked at the mirror and noticed I had a small, white stain on my Jimi Hendrix t-shirt. I tried to rub it off and remarked to the stranger in the mirror that we had the same stain. Just seconds later I pointed out that we also had the same shirt. I became quite irritated and defensive about this imposter in my bathroom and bitterly said to him 'get the fuck out of my house! What are doin' in my house? Dude, you need to get the fuck out, now!' Chris just watched in shock. Who could ever have imagined it possible for a person to forget his own reflection? and then become enraged at it, too? He calmed me down and assured me that I was overreacting. I have no memory of what I did immediately after that. I think I blacked out, but I was still walking around. My memory seemed to have shut off. The next thing I remember, quite suddenly, as if my memory had been turned on again, was standing in the bathroom looking at my mum as she extracted a body towel, a hand towel and a face cloth from the toilet. I had no idea what was going on. She looked really worried about me. She kept asking Chris what I took but he didn't know either and they couldn't get any sensible answer from me. I have a very vague memory of having some complex purpose for putting the towels in the toilet. During all this, by the way, I had still had the savage dry mouth, so I had been drinking water periodically. 

At around 12:30 A.M., five and a half hours after I had ingested the seeds, I had still been plagued by the abrasive cotton-mouth, and by a painfully full bladder because of all the water I had drunk to quench it. I had not been able to urinate at all during the peak effects or during any of my adventures in the bathroom. All the water had added up and hurt my bladder immensely. I could not manage even a small drop of urine despite the obvious need to do so. I am not sure how much time passed after the incident with the towels, but my best guess is about 1.5-two hours. 

During the night's final stages my sense of identity returned along with my motor coordination, but I began to have unpleasantly vivid, tactile hallucinations of translucent spiders with long, curly tails composed of what seemed like fishing line. They had made me very agitated and paranoid because they had been crawling up the walls, on the floor around me, up my legs, in my hair and up the curtains. There were not swarms of them, as you might have inferred, but roughly a dozen or more visible at any moment. I became quite distressed about the situation because they felt very real. Wherever I looked I could see that their long, cumbersome tails had been making them very clumsy as they crawled. The hallucinations were so overwhelmingly vivid and tactile because whenever I stepped on their 'tails' they illusively tripped up, or got snagged beneath my feet and struggled to go anywhere, whether along the floor, or up the walls. The sensations were so tactile that I felt itchy as they stumbled up my arms and legs. I was not scared or overly distraught, or anywhere near panicking, as one would assume, but paranoid and overwrought. I compulsively scanned the room for them and tried to see where they had all come from. They had been combing the room like white smoke, everywhere I looked. My mood changed from being tensely agitated to immensely irritated by them. After repeated attempts from anxiety to squash them with my feet, my vengeful efforts to rid my home of these clumsy, hybrid creatures led me to summon my dog Lucy for help. I commanded her to 'get 'em!' and pointed to them, floundering and limping beneath her snout. She just wagged her tail as she sniffed the floor, frantically trying to get what I was pointing at and then promotly returned to her original position to listen to whatever I said. 

The next day, Chris told me I had been talking to Lucy seriously, as if she were conversing with me and satisfying my curiosity about whatever topic. She followed me everywhere I went, always at my heels or sat attentively in front of me. There was one point during my experience, despite the distressing hallucinations that absorbed me, when I realised with a small degree of deliberate cognizance, Lucy's bizarre (who's calling who bizarre?) behaviour and sensed that she knew something was wrong with me. She had a concerned, penetrating look in her eyes every time I had stopped wandering. Once again the agonising urge to urinate brought me back to the bathroom. I could still see the spiders climbing everywhere. I must have stood at the toilet with my pants down for twenty minutes, or more, while I tried to pee. I was too distracted by all the spiders struggling to climb up the toilet bowl. I flushed the toilet and they all managed to stay on the surface of the water. Eventually I started to pee,painfully and only a little at first. It definitely wasn't a situation I would want anybody seeing. I think the determination to drown the spiders in piss made myself able to finally pee. I had such a long, orgasmic emiction, perhaps the longest I have ever had. After that I went to bed, brought Lucy up, and had a conversation with her about work. I don't know how long I had been conversing with her when I suddenly came to my senses and said to myself, 'what the fuck is wrong with me? I was just talking to my dog,' and laughed. I was very glad when that was over. 

Would I do it again? Yes, now that I know what to expect. Next time I will have ice cubes at my disposal to relieve the dry mouth, this way I won't have to drink copiously. 

The Entrée: 

25 finely chewed seeds of Datura Stramonium, aged to racemize the hyoscyamine to atropine and the scopolamine to atroscine. Each seed is roughly 7-8 mgs, but alkaloid content of each seed varies too much to be consistent. 
2 bowls of Blueberry Kush, cured to decarboxylate the THCA, and smoked approximately two hours after ingestion of the Datura. 

I eye the small cluster of black, teardrop-shaped seeds in the palm of my hand with a mix of apprehension and usual pre-trip anxiety. They taste bitter with a hint of an earthy bite; not bad by any means but the hard husks get stuck in my teeth. I chew well and let the mass sit in my mouth for a few minutes to aid any sublingual absorption, and prepare to joyously delve into the bowels of torment and despair. 

The Trip: 

Eyes closed, pitch blackness. A sense of evil, a seductively malevolent vibe. Apprehension as the gears of my perspective slowly creak into the lower planes. Streaking spirals of light, growing brighter and brighter until... suddenly, break through. People and landscapes in perfect clarity as if I were watching through an invisible camera. A man turns towards his wife before stabbing her violently in the back. He rips the peeling flesh from her body as insects suddenly pour out. Cut. A pool of blood, undulating with red waves. Body parts falling in, silently splashing. No sound whatsoever to these visions. Cut. A wolf, black eyes, digging into an unidentifiable corpse. Strings of meat are dangling between its teeth. Cut. Many scenes of erotica, usually ending in gory climax. My skull is but a padded cell, the walls of which my inner demons bounce off. Themes of sadomasochism, violence punctuated by guilty pleasure. 

I hear sounds of sheer chaos. Screams, thumps. Dragging noises. Someone calling my name, louder, and louder. A gentle hiss and a bump. Cut. Spiders. Lots of spiders, pouring through the cracks of reality as if puncturing through this thin veil of ordinary life. I feel things gently running over my body. I don't open my eyes. Cut. Swinging bodies on nooses, burning. Fire, blood dripping as maggots squirm into the quivering flesh. I am carrying on a conversation with something, but I do not know what. My mind echoes with distorted fragments of meaning; snippets of grand truth ripped from this primeval chaos. Lots of blood. Death. Churning corpses being flayed. Rotating scenes of razor-sharp blades dissecting through my mind. I contemplate the nature of fear in all its manifestations--here there is true, unmitigated terror. A woman reaches back and rips the top part of her skull off; a horde of black moths flies out. I hear the whispering voices of angels. Cut. 

I lift my eyelids and stare into the darkness of my room to find relief from the torrential deluge of demonic imagery. My wall is covered with crawling black things. Posters and my pull up bar, dimly seen in the nonexistent light, are bending at absurd angles and then popping back to their rightful shape. Swarms of gnats have infested my room, making the darkness heavier with their presence. The wall shudders as its cracks begin to disgorge countless more denizens of the shadows. I have welcomed in the eldritch beasties of the night, and I'm here to pay them homage. I close my eyes again, and sink further into the welcome depths of Hell itself. 

The Aftermath: 

From the intense effects that I was experiencing (including open-eyed visuals, auditory hallucinations, and a quite intense mental trip), I expected that I had ingested too much of the tropane alkaloids and that I would undergo the typical three-day delirium that comes with an overdose. However, I woke up the next morning feeling nothing but refreshed and revived with fresh exhilaration. There was also no anticholinergic loss of cognitive faculties during the experience, which I usually feel under high doses of diphenhydramine and the like. My best guess is that marijuana synergizes wonderfully with the Datura plant (in India the combination of smoking Datura Metel with Cannabis is supposed to unify Shiva, the male spirit, with Shakti, the female spirit), and that this combination allowed me to experience a form of divinatory visions and open-eyed deliria without being overly toxic or long-lasting. 

I would not recommend this combination to anyone without first starting at low doses of 1 or 2 seeds and working your way up gradually with much time in between the doses. Datura is known to stress the cardiovascular system, and the combination with marijuana can put a great toll on the heart. Combine carefully and with low amounts. Silent meditation in the dark is good for best results, but I've also been able to use Stramonium before sleep for lucid dreaming purposes. Typically the trips manifest with an air of seductive evil, bloodshed, and death to them--things that I greatly enjoy as an alternative to the clichéd puppies and flowers atmosphere of most traditional psychedelics. 

Tread the tropane waters carefully. Here there be demons.

We walked inside, and sure enough there's a party going on. We see about 20 or so of our friends drinking, laughing, being loud. There were also strangers. Drew excused himself and went into his room, as he felt bad about the cat still. I was talking with some friends, and I noticed my friend Preston who was there, was crying blood. It looked like eye-shadow, a blood circle around his eyes. It was horrifically bizarre, and he looked like he was in pain. 'Are you okay?' I asked, and he just stared at me with an almost evil gaze, blood dripping from his face to the floor. I saw grotesque people I didn't recognize, who looked like sloth from the Goonies, but not in a comical way at all. They looked deformed, bruised, beaten, and burned, as they shuffled around the house. Some were laughing maniacally, some crying, others just staring. It was unsettling to say the least.

Things were also 'painted' on, it's like a dream, and the 3-d world is irrelevant. There were burnt cigarettes and tacks sticking sharp side up on the ground, and bizarre looking plants 'pasted' to the walls and doors. I then saw people with beet-red skin, crying blood. They looked like what you would expect demons to look like, just like every fairly tale or myth or religious text makes them out to be (minus perhaps, wings). None of this seemed particularly odd to me at the time, I was confused who they were, but wasn't gripped with fear like I probably would have been was I sober. Some of these entities were having passionate, crazy sex in the back room, but they didn't look as if were they actually enjoying themselves. I kept hearing the sound of doors slamming. Drew came down to see what I was up to, and our friend Preston started talking to the both of us. 'You guys are late, we were waiting for you,' he said. 'We didn't know this was going on' said Drew. 'Where's Kyle?' I asked. (Kyle is Drews brother.) 'I haven't seen him yet,' Preston replied. We talked, just the three of us for a couple minutes, and then Drew excused himself to the bathroom. He couldn't pee the entire time either, and our throats were probably the driest they had ever been. It hurt to swallow.

Then I met the 'spirit' of the plant, Queen Toloache, as she is known indigenously and shamnically. She was pale, (not just albino pale, but literally skin tone like the moon) and imperious. She is also fond of tricks. I talked to her for a bit, though I will not share the conservation, as I feel by doing so is disrespectful. I sat on the floor, still noticing the tacks, which shimmered in my peripheral. My friend Chloe walked in through the kitchen, looking frail, beaten, and toothless. She explained that a group of Mexicans had just beaten and gangraped her. I looked over at a towel in a clear cylinder on the table, only I didn't see the towel, I saw a talking head, and this head was Chloe's. She was crying hysterically, and Toloache told me to give her a hug, which I did. I was literally hugging a beach towel in plastic. 'Oh my God, Sam, what the fuck!?' she gut-wrenchingly yelped, and then started crying. At this point, I honestly didn't know what to do, but my bladder felt like it was going to explode, so I said I'd be back and went downstairs to the bathroom. 

Drew's Mom was playing solitare on the computer and said hello to me. I waved, and went into the bathroom. Chloe was sitting in the corner of the ceiling laughing scarily. When I walked to the toilet, Chloe was standing in my way. 'Chloe, can you please move, I have to pee like a racehorse.' She just stared for a second, and laughed. 'Chloe, if you don't move, I'm going to pee on you.' She just laughed again, louder. So that's what I tried to do. Again, almost nothing came out, but I did feel better. I went back upstairs. My Dad was there randomly, he opened the front door and said 'C'mon kid, let's went!' I wasn't expecting to see him there at all. 'I'll meet you in the car!' '...All right...' I thought, and went outside. He was no where to be found. I did see my friend Tom though, in an orange car parked right outside. He beckoned me to get in. I couldn't, the door was locked. He kept waving me inside. 'I can't,' I said. Then Tom started laughing, and this actually irritated me. 'Forget it!' I shouted at him. I was confused where my Dad went, so I sat by myself on the curb. The house across the street has a wood stove top chimney on the roof, but I saw someone committing suicide by hanging himself instead. It was like an animated GIF, when my eyes moved at all, it would reset. When they stayed focused, the man walked off the roof with a noose and hung there, waving in the breeze. 

I should have mentioned this earlier, but all straight lines shook, like an episode of Dr. Katz. Everything flickered actually, like I was witnessing the erosion of time. I had seen that kind of thing before while on strong acid. (Just the lines, not anything else.) I look next to me (I'm still on the curb) and my friend Mike is by my side. 'What's your problem, man?' he asked. 'I don't honestly know dude,' I said 'I took this plant earlier and now I can't tell exactly what's going on.' He looked at me quizzically. 'That's fine and all, and that would be a good excuse, if you weren't being such an asshole right now.' I felt like I was an asshole, ruining everyone's time, and I didn't know why. I glanced in Drew's Montero, and saw possibly the scariest thing out of this whole experience.

There was a pale creature with no eyelids, with the most piercing stare I have ever seen in my entire life, sitting in the front passenger seat. His head was shaped almost like a sharks, pointing at the top, and he had no lips, and sharp, shark-like teeth. In fact, it looked exactly like the Hellraiser character 'Butterball,' minus the sunglasses, and paler. Just like in the movie, he said nothing. I had seen Hellraiser once before, when I was like 12, and remembered near to nothing from it. It wasn't until I saw that movie again that I made the connection. In fact, I'm fairly confident Clive Barker has taken Datura before, after going through this experience. And the fact he wore sunglasses in the movie, and in 'reality' (call it what you will) had no eyelids at all, seems more than a coincidence to me. This powerful entity was the only one I could not look at straight in the face. I tried avoiding his gaze the entire time. I looked at a tree in the front yard. I could see a ghostly essence in the tree itself. Actually, I could see the 'essence' of all plant life. Chloe was right by that tree, falling over. I rushed to go help her, but she was 'painted' on a tall piece of dead grass, blowing flimsily in the wind.

I needed to pee again. I went inside through the garage and somehow Chloe had beaten me there, and was crying on a coat rack. 'I don't want to live anymore!' she cried, and it was apparent to me that she was hanging herself. 'Chloe, no' I said sorrowfully, and reached to bring her down. It wasn't Chloe, it was just a coat. I put the coat back and entered the kitchen. Kyle was there. 'Yo Samwise, how's it going?' I actually thought about that question and laughed. 'I don't know, how are you doing Drew?' I asked a piece of paper which I thought was Drew, blowing from the fan. Kyle looked at me like I was the biggest dumbass in the world, and I don't blame him one bit. I went to the upstairs bathroom, and the light didn't work, and the darkness seemed to make the visions stronger.

The toilet seat was swirling, and it was fairly hypnotizing. I also saw what looked like a ghost or shadow creature on the floor next to the toilet, outlined by a translucent silver. He was completely 2-dimensional, and appeared to be asking for my help, though I couldn't actually hear anything he was saying. I finally peed (at least more than I had yet) and felt immensely better, though I felt sorry for the shadow creature. It was kind of a dusty bathroom, and there were glowing insects attracted to the dust. They looked like ants, mini spiders, and other insects which probably don't exist, and they looked bioluminescent. I put my finger on the ground, and let one crawl onto my finger. I examined it more closely, and it's movements were that exactly like a bugs would be. It had feelers, and was 'feeling' me. I clamped my fingers together lightly and the insect crumbled like dust, it's legs floating spirally to the ground. 

I went back downstairs, and Toloache, still on the couch asked 'Did you see the life upstairs?' I nodded. I looked around, demons and deformed burn victims were still walking around nonchalantly. I went upstairs into Drew's room, to see how he was doing. He was watching TV with Mike. Then we noticed the neighbors yard via the window. It too, was bizarre. There was a four legged dog-creature (very large, and very black, with glowing red eyes) sitting on what looked like a throne, on the side of a swimming pool. There were many people basically having a blood orgy, and massive amounts of steam were rising from the water. There were also dead squirrels which littered the ground, and all throughout the branches of a large tree, were squirrel tails, hanging like evil Christmas ornaments. The Dog (whom I later found out is the second spirit associated with Datura, or second half, depending on perspective. He is known sometimes as 'The Guardian', or 'Protector', and protects Toloache) noticed us and beckoned us to come join them beyond the fence. Drew grabbed his binoculars and scoped out the scene. People were still having insatiable sex through a bunch of mist. However, with the binoculars we saw everything in grave detail. I could see the hair on this demonic dog, and the squirrel tails, and everything in clear Hi-def detail. Me and Drew saw the same thing. Drew left to get a closer look, the dog and associates still beckoning us in. Drew went to the fence line, as I stayed upstairs watching with the binoculars. Drew almost jumped the fence to join them, but I tapped on the window and shook my head. He came back up.

We were tired, and wanted to go to sleep. Drew has bunk beds and Mike called the top bunk. I said fine, but asked that he at least give me my sleeping bag. He said no. 'Just give him his sleeping bag, Mike' Drew said. 'No.' I tried pulling it from him but to no avail. Annoyed, I gave up and went in the guest room trying to sleep, as a Spy VS Spy creature watched over me, which was very unsettling. 

I didn't actually sleep, and 'woke up' at around 7:30. I decided to read up on Datura, only when I got to the computer to do so, I couldn't read text. My vision was ok, but when I tried reading text smaller than billboard size, it was out of focus. This lasted for 2 more days, and during this time I thought I was never going to be able to read again. Same with Drew. In fact, the trip lasted all together for 3 days, and residues of it (like my eyes playing tricks on me) lasted for almost two weeks. I'll cut the other 2 days out, as it's already been a fairly verbose story.

I shall summarize some though. Everyone was worried about us, they thought we were never coming down, and to be fair, neither did we. We saw Dr. Seuss creatures in trees, elves, gnomes, dwarves, pixies, demons, golems, all kinds of 
mythical/demonic/spiritual creatures. And everything Drew saw, I saw, and vice versa. We ran over a ghost with a car. Digital clocks would make Tamagachi-like animations. It looked 8-bit. The auditory hallucinations did stop after the first night, the visuals mostly after the third night. On the third day, me, Drew, and a group of our friends went into a gazebo (a usual smoking spot) in a garden to smoke. I saw gnomes having sex in the trees. Little creatures would slowly bring antennas up out of bushes, and whenever Drew and I would compare what we saw, our friends were like 'That's not fucking there! Stop it!' A train went by (we weren't that far from the tracks) and an obese naked woman was having sex with a tree just outside the garden Every time she went 'down' the train blew it's horn. The train was actually there, our friends acknowledged that. It was uncanny. She would stay down for three seconds, and the train would blow for three seconds. This experience has made me think about it every time I hear a train.

I ran into J a few days later, and he thought we had never left. He hung out with 'us' all throughout the night. Also, amazingly, Drew's parents, who were actually there the entire time, had no idea we were on anything. I don't know how, we were talking to people who weren't there, basically in front of them. We were lucky in that respect.

Afterthoughts: First of all, I'd like to say: DO NOT TAKE JIMSON WEED. 99.99% of everyone should never take this. It's all too common for someone to get arrested or end up in a psyche ward, or even get shot from walking into someone else's house, not knowing what's going on. It's also very easy to be poisoned to death, people have died from it before. Also, you will be tested by the spirit(s), and if you fail, there can be dire consequences, particularly with the protector/wolf. It's not a pleasant high. In fact there is no 'high.' I felt completely normal, despite the craziness I witnessed. It was kind of amazing I remembered taking anything at all, that's not common. I didn't really think twice about what I was seeing, just like I probably don't in a dream. This is clearly a NEGATIVE PLANE OF EXISTENCE. I don't know if I believe in Hell, but if there is one, this is realm surely has some kind of correlation. Also, it has been said that Datura seeks you out, not the other way around. I deeply believe this to be true, and I believe that I was seeked out. I think J and Drew were caught in the crosshairs. To say this was just all in our minds is hard to justify. We interacted with people who weren't there simultaneously, witnessed the same things, and saw in blaring detail clearer images through binoculars. 

I omitted much of what happened, largely because of length, and largely because much of what I experienced I consider sacred, particularly some of the conversations. Not holy per se, but sacred. Also, I've found that the first encounter with an entheogen/ally sets the tone for the rest of the relationship. Toloache still visits me periodically in my dreams. All in all, I am glad I experienced this, as I learned much, particularly about the nature of reality/realities. 
Deep garnet black color. Bold aromas of eucalyptus, blueberry chutney, and vanilla custard tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy honeyed cherry, peppery spice, chocolate, and mineral accented finish with chewy tannins A juicy, robust petite sirah for all occasions. Impressive. 
Deep, lustrous garnet color. Aromas of berry custard tart with a tangy, frothy fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, robust pomegranate gelato and blood orange finish. Impressive richness and depth; will be great with vanilla bean ice cream or soft cheeses. 
Pale silvery straw color. Mellow aromas of meringue, pear, and melon with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, very long, honeyed kiwi, delicately spiced custard, mineral, and water chestnut finish. A boldly flavorful and elegant saké that delivers maximum enjoyment. 
Dull dark ruby black color. Oaky aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, coffee beans, cranberry pie crust, and flower patch earth with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, engaging, medium-length finish with notes of pickled beets, cherry custard, and delicate spice with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and mouthwatering red that will be great with a wide variety of dishes; chambourcin doesn't get much better than this. 
Opaque garnet brick red color. Bright lively aromas and flavors of spiced prunes and cherries, vanilla bean, floral honey, and saffron and white pepper with a satiny, lively, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, very complex, very long finish with notes of fruit leather, craisins, spiced nuts, and cola with silky tannins and light oak. A superb, mature domestic port that has benefitted tremendously from extended bottle age. 
Yellow color. Aromas and flavors of creamy nougat, kiwi, and banana custard with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, complex, long finish with overtones of nectarine, key lime, minerals, and delicate spice. Exquisite balance, subtlety and depth of flavor; a world class pinot grigio. 
Straw color. Floral aromas and flavors of apple blossom, peach, nectarine, and tangerine with a tangy, fizzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, nuanced, medium-length finish with notes of white lily, white raspberry, pear compote, and yellow watermelon with no tannins and no oak. If you want a juicy Moscato with all the classic flavors and aromas, but with vibrant acidity that balances the punchbowl full of fruit, then look no further. 
Opaque dark violet black color. Bold aromas and flavors of blueberry pie a la mode, rice krispy treat, and pink peppercorns with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, long finish displaying impressions of eucalyptus, exotic spice, creme brulee, and pencil shavings with silky tannins and moderate oak. A sensational flavorful and generously fruity red that is sure to please. 
Bright medium dark copper color. Lively, exotic, fruity spicy aromas of golden raisin chutney, spiced caramel cake, and butter sautéed almonds with a satiny, tangy, moderately sweet full body and a warming, long baked apricot and reduced lemon finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A sensational flavorful and true-to-style fortified wine that drinks like a great Palo Cortado Sherry; impressive! 
Ruby black color. Bright, herbal, attractive aromas of marinated olives and raspberry tart with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a warming, nuanced, long sour cherries, tangerine sorbet, spiced apple, and herbed nuts finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A fantastically flavorful and stylish zinfandel in the classic, hedonistic style. 
Deep garnet black color. Dense aromas of eucalyptus, chocolate toffee, mint jelly and cassis pie with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, elegant, and evolving finish with a notes of craisin, spice, vanilla, and sandalwood. An amazingly balanced and flavorful Napa cabernet. 
Beautiful golden amber color. Aromas of peach cobbler, white toffee and toasty meringue with a satiny sweet medium-full body and a spicy apple pie, raisin and apricot marmalade finish with a hint of earth. Delicious. 
Exotic aromas and flavors of potpourri, cassis, and spicy pumpkin and apple pies with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a layered cinnamon-clove spiced nuts, mocha and fine tannin finish. A superbly stylish red that will excel with prime rib or lamb. A world-class blaufrankisch. 
Bright pure gold color. Attractive aromas and flavors of honeyed golden raisins, pineapple creme brulee and apricot cake with a rich, satiny sweet and fruit medium-full body and a long, spicy apple pie and mineral accented finish. A delicious and pure dessert wine comparable to the finest Alsatian SGN. 
Deep garnet purple color. Rich aromas and flavors of cherries, raspberries, and pickled tomatoes with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, exotic berry, peppercorn, nut, parsley, and beet finish with robust tannins. A great melange of savory fruit, spice and vegetable notes that will be great at the table. This is old school Napa zin at its finest. 
Clear with a nickel cast. Aromas of pineapple, nut brittle, and honeycomb with a evolving, silky fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, polished, spiced apple, sweet cream, caramelized yam, and grassy earth accented finish. A rich, yet very elegant daigingo that will shine at the table. 
Deep garnet color. Aromas and flavors of olive and chocolate covered cherries and graham crackers with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a cassis sorbet, mocha cream, and super fine tannin finish. A seamless, hedonistic, world class cabernet for all occasions. 
Deep reddish copper color. Enticing aromas of sautéed almond, pepper, buttery salt caramel and dried citrus peels with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a very long, and warming orange-kiwi marmalade, toffeed nut, suede and spiced caramel baked apple accented finish. Superb complexity, depth and style, in particular the lush Sherry-like notes. 
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of olive, leather, chocolate wafer, and dried cherries with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a long, complex, pickled beet, blueberry, raisin, bacon fat, and floral orange nuanced finish. A deeply flavorful and balanced world-class zinfandel that is sure to delight. Impressive! 
Deep garnet color. Robust aromas of chocolate mint, eucalyptus and spicy cassis chutney with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, evolving cascade of sweet spices, ripe berries, menthol mint, and minerals with fine tannins. Superb flavor, structure and style make this an exquisite cabernet. 
Nearly opaque brick red color. Vibrant pickled tomato-pepper relish, chocolate currant, honeycomb, and dried eucalyptus leaf aromas with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a rich, concentrated blueberry, raisin, praline and peppercorn finish with dusty tannins. Vibrant and balanced; serve with prime rib. 
Delicate aromas of yellow apple, nectarine, banana custard and faint rubber sap with a crisp, fruity medium-to-full body a long tangy, and rich honey cream and golden plum finish. A sensational world class riesling. 
Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered black raspberries and graham crackers and peppercorns with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, roasted nut, smoked pepper bacon and spiced pear accented finish. Rich, vibrant and pure syrah flavors. A world-class wine that is an unbelievable value. 
Garnet black color. Rich melted toffee, strawberry-raspberry pie, watermelon gelato, honeycomb, and clay aromas are inviting with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy pomegranate, tomato, praline, sour cherry, and passionfruit finish. A sensationally delicious shiraz that hits all of the high notes with complexity, power and finesse. 
Garnet black color. Resonant aromas of candle wax, oiled leather, olive, clay, and blackberry yogurt with a silky, dryish medium-full body and a long, seamless interplay of tart berries, cocoa, spices, and forest floor minerality. A great earthy, savory table wine that is a dead ringer for a left bank Bordeaux. 
Chocolate and vanilla toffees, plum pie, and peppery spice aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy, craisin and raspberry finish with elegant tannins. Exceptionally tasty and nicely balanced for sipping or the table. 
Ruby black color. Very bright and fruity aromas of spiced cherries, eucalyptus jelly, and melted toffee with a silky, fruity medium-full body and a long, juicy herb, melon,nougat, and citrus accented finish. A sensational vibrant and flavorful pinot for sipping or pair with spicy salmon teriyaki. 
Inky violet color paints the glass. Aromas and flavors of dark chocolate mint cookie and blackberry yogurt with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, concentrated finish with chewy tannins. A spot-on petite sirah with great depth and purity. 
Deep ruby black color with a brick rim. Dense aromas and flavors of chocolate craisins and nuts and delicate spice with tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, concentrated finish with notes of cedar, dried cherry and forest floor. A fantastically flavorful and balanced Amarone. 
Garnet violet black color. Elegant aromas of dark berries, chocolate toffee, and baking spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, mocha, apple and mineral nuanced finished with perfected integrated tannins. A remarkably flavorful and polished merlot that will be great with filet mignon. 
Dark ruby black color. Intense aromas of cassis, menthol mint, and eucalyptus with a vibrant tangy sweet medium-to-full body and a lengthy honeycomb and pepper accented finish. A zesty, super-pure, fruit dessert wine. A absolute must-try in Kir Royals and other cocktails too. 
Garnet violet color. Dense aromas of spicy, honeyed dried berries, peaches, and pears are unique and very attractive with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, chiseled finish with pure, tangy grilled apple, spice, nut, roasted root vegetable, cedar and earth notes. A incredibly impressive zin for savoring on its own or to serve the finest cuts of meat. 
Clear pale golden yellow color. Attractive umami driven aromas of salty sautéed mushrooms and soy beans, grilled coconut, and caramelized nuts with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a honeyed nectarine and creamy vanilla-pear custard accented finish. A delicious, artfully crafted 
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of Asian pear, anise, overripe pineapple, and spicy fruit cocktail with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a vibrant peach gelato, vanilla cola, pepper and radish finish. A bold commanding sake. 
Faint golden silver color. Bright aromas of tamari, roasted chestnut, and fig with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, savory sautéed shittake, root vegetable, chocolate drizzled pear, and bamboo nuanced finish. Remarkable aged sake complexity and vibrancy. Will be sensational with tempura and teriyaki. 
Clear. Bright aromas and flavors of star anise, Asian pear, pineapple custard, and sweet potato with buoyant silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a rich, lingering finish with notes of cream vanilla frosting, caramel apple, bamboo shoot, and almond cookie. A sensational, world class daiginjo. 
Dark garnet violet color. Bold aromas and flavors of wet clay, olive, nut brittle, baker's chocolate, and dried currants with a silky, dryish medium body and a long, savory, earthy finish with plush, chewy tannins. A fantastically expressive and terroir-driven Napa cabernet that is very reminiscent of a top Saint-Estèphe. 
Opaque with a purple rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black currant, briar, black cherry, leather and vanilla. Juicy black cherry, currant and black plum flavors are framed with vanilla, mocha, cocoa nibs and allspice. Deliciously smooth and classic. Napa cabernet 
Purple black color. Aromas of toasty Black Forest cake and toffee with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, creamy mocha, dried berry, pink pepper, and orange blossom honey finish with seamless tannins. A delicious, brilliantly focused and balanced zinfandel. Very impressive. 
Golden yellow color. Aromas of butter roasted nuts, coconut, and vanilla buttercream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, and spicy apple pie and Meyer lemon sorbet finish. A delicious, rich, and appetizing chardonnay for all occasions that is a superb marriage of fruit and oak. 
Garnet violet color. Robust aromas of raspberry tart, mocha, and vanilla with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy oak spice kissed finish. Fantastic flavor and balance. This is what zinfandel is all about, pure pleasure. 
Ever since I heard of Datura from a friend at school a few years ago, I have always tried to get a hold of some, asking dealers I knew from around town. But I was never successful, as many people I asked didn't even know what it was. So after awhile I gave up hope and continued with the usual, smoking grass everyday, occasionally scoring some ketamine or opium to make life a little more interesting. Then last year I finally got a chance to try the stuff. One of my friends told me he had gone to stay with his grandparents for a week and noticed a plant near their house that looked a lot like Datura, so he went over to it and sure enough he saw the small, spikey pods growing near the bottom of the plant. He himself didn’t want to try any because he always feared any sort of hallucinogen because of the risk of a bad trip, but knew I had been wanting to try it for quite some time, so he picked one of the magical pods and wrapped it up in cellophane and brought them back for me. The bastard wouldn’t hand them over unless I paid him 20 bucks, but I figured it would be well worth it. 

I couldn’t wait to try them. First thing I did was found someone who would be a sitter for me, and that sitter was the most trustworthy friend I know (lets call him Steve). I asked my mom if he could sleep over and she said it was fine. So the next day, Steve came over around noon, and I got the seeds out of the pod and counted 37. I heard it only took like 10 or 15, and I wanted to have more so I could trip another time or sell them, so I decided to take 15. 

T:00.00 - Me and Steve went up to my room to take them. We put on some music and sat down in my bean bag chairs. I was feeling confident that things were going to go smoothly, mostly just because Steve was there with me, he was a very responsible person who I felt very safe and secure with. Of course I had a little butterflies in my stomach because I was taking something new, but it was mostly excitement, a total 'I can’t wait' feeling. As Steve and I talked, I decided it was time, and pulled the sandwich baggie out of my pocket. I got all the seeds in my palm and looked at them, little teardrop shaped things, darkish brown, almost black. I thought to my self 'here goes nothing' and licked my palm to get all the seeds stuck on my tongue, chewed ‘em up a bit, and swallowed. As they went down I got this overwhelming feeling of 'finally'. I have finally taken this crazy Datura, and in time I will be experiencing it. All I could do now is relax, keep the best state of mind I possibly could, and wait for things to kick in. 

T:00.30 - Went down to the kitchen with Steve to get a drink of water, and then went to the bathroom. No noticeable effects. Steve suggested we play video games while we wait for it to kick in. We went back to my room and played Mario Kart 64 and snacked on some doritos. 

T:00.50 - Starting to feel different. A lot like when you need to stretch really bad, but in my whole body. Mouth is getting dry, very similar to the cottonmouth after smoking a thick blunt. Steve is winning the game and I am loosing my grip on the controller, and I can’t seem to keep the A button pushed down. After about 10 minutes I feel much different, very intense, and I’m wondering why Steve is in my room playing video games. He reminds me that he is sleeping over to watch me because I took Datura. Right after he says this a wave of shock and fear run down my body like goosebumps, for I had completely forgotten the reason he was there, and that I had taken anything, although I do recall it, I am needless to say in shock at what just happened with my brain. I look at Steve and say 'calm me down', and somehow, Steve knew exactly what to do. He just smiled at me in this reassuring smile and said 'don’t worry man, you’re gonna have a blast' this made me feel incredibly better, and my mood shifted. After this, things seem to go back to normal, and I ask Steve to stop playing video games and go downstairs with me. We go downstairs into my kitchen and I pull a full pitcher of cherry kool-aid from the fridge. Steve got 2 glasses, then we went into my living room and sat down on the couch. I pour the both of us a glass and we sip it while watching tv. Afer I finish my glass I pick up the pitcher and gulp it down halfway. I am very thirsty, but the drink doesn’t seem to quench my thirst at all, it seems to glide over the surface of my mouth, leaving it dry still. I now just try my best to ignore it, and continue watching tv. 

T:01:30 I tell Steve I’ll be right back, and walk to the bathroom. While I piss I look at this picture above my toilet. It’s a cartoon of a polar bear lying on its back in the water, holding a wine glass like it fell asleep from being drunk. The concept makes me want to laugh, it seems like the dumbest cartoon in the world to me, and its location is just as random as its contents. I think to my self 'why the f*** do we have a picture of a drunk polar bear in our bathroom'. For some reason, this seems near hysterical to me. 

I walk out of the bathroom and go back to the couch with Steve. As soon as I sit down, my mom walked out of the kitchen and tells us she’s going to work and to behave, she’ll be back around 10. Steve and I say good bye and she leaves. Perfect. Now we have the house to ourselves. 

T:02:00 - Nothing much more seems to be happening. I have finished the pitcher of kool-aid and gone to the bathroom 2 more times. Steve says to go in the kitchen and refill the pitcher with water in case I feel like I’m going to dehydrate. It seems like a responsible idea so I go into the kitchen and refill it with water and put ice cubes in it. I walk back into my living room to find Steve has left, and the tv has been turned off. The entire house is dead silent. Then I hear the tv go back on, but the screen is blank, and I hear Steve saying 'hey I’m over here'. I realize that he’s calling me from out in my backyard, so I put my shoes on and go outside. At first I scanned my back yard for him, but couldn’t see him, and I couldn’t hear him anymore. I suddenly get the idea that Steve had come over for a hide and seek game (at this point I have absolutely no idea that I have taken anything) so I run into the yard looking around for him. Then I speak 'come out come out where ever you are' . Right when I say this my voice sounds very different, like a person who has gone totally insane. This starts to scare me very much, and Steve is nowhere to be found. I look way across to the other end of my yard (my yard is only about a 100 foot by 200 foot area, but now it was a soccer field size) and at the other end I see my dog’s pen, a fenced in area in the corner with all my friends who are straight edge that stopped being friends with me when I started smoking pot. I haven’t seen them in so long, so I run towards the pen. They look just as happy to see me as I am to see them, and they let me into the pen. We start talking and to my surprise, one of them pulls a blunt out of nowhere and sparks it. I am naturally amused but shocked, then they start to explain to me that they came to see me cause they all 'got into the game' and don’t think drugs are that bad after all. On the outside I am pleased to hear this, but on the inside I begin to get feelings of untrust. These bastards abandoned me years back. I don’t show any unpleasant feelings on the outside, and I continue to be cheery with them, although I keep a state of mind not to trust anyone there. They pass me the blunt and I take a super long hit, and hold it super long and blow out. After it went around a few times we all spark a cigarette to increase our high. We just keep talking and talking. It seems like time has stopped. How long can people just sit here and talk? It’s been hours, I think to myself (strangely enough I am still puffing on the same cigarette, but dont notice anything unusual about it). Then I drop my butt, and it falls under the chair I’m sitting on. 'Ah Shit' I said and got out of my seat to get it. I look under the chair but I can’t seem to find it. 'Did any of you see were my...' as I turn around I notice no one is there, and I am alone in the pen. A sense of anger comes over me, and I get intense feelings of 'I shouldnt have trusted them' and 'how dare they'. These feelings are followed by loneliness and then total fear. I need to get out of this pen and go back in the house. I walk back to my house across the long field, and it seems to take even longer to go back than when I had come. 

Next thing I know I’m back in my kitchen lying on the floor very sweaty, Steve is there sitting on the kitchen counter. My focus is very blurred and 'off' and I feel very confused about why he’s there on the counter and I’m on the floor, but every few moments I kinda snap back into reality and know exactly what going on, then snap back into delirium and totally forget everything. 

Next thing I know its already 6:46am and I am running late. My mom tells me I only got a half hour to get ready or ill get a Saturday detention. I scramble out of bed and run into the bathroom to take a shower. I suddenly realize how mush school’s gonna suck cause I forgot to do my homework and I have an oral presentation due today. All these thoughts make me panic and I know there’s no way out of it cause I already skipped school 3 times this year and got caught and I cant skip another day or I have to go to court. I get out of the shower and dry off as quickly as I can. Then I run into my room and get dressed and go downstairs to the kitchen. Right then I noticed something was wrong, the clock said 1:00am and the calendar was on July. No body was up. My mom was asleep and had been asleep. She didn’t wake me up for school, I did not have school in summer. I wished I was dreaming, and the thoughts in my mind were on the brink of driving me insane. All I remember after this is running back up into my room in total panic ready to cry and scream and if one more weird thing happened I was gonna commit suicide. 

I woke up in my bed with Steve on the floor watching me, he looked very concerned and asked me if I was ok now, if I was still tripping. I didn’t know what to say to him, cause right then I could have still be tripping for all I know. It was 5:00pm the next day, I had a bad headache and couldn’t focus on shit, and my whole body was in this dreadfully uncomfortable state. It took me awhile to collect my thoughts and figure out I was not tripping anymore, and I had these series of very strange realistic dreams stuck in my head from when I was asleep, but I can’t for the life of me remember what they were now, I forgot them completely about 4 hours after I woke up. 

From Steve’s point of view, in a nutshell, I had started acting weird when I had gotten the water from the kitchen. He said that he was trying to talk to me but I would just have this blank stare like I couldn’t see him, and then ran outside into my shed in the backyard and started talking to myself, and after an hour or so I ran out of the shed with this scared shitless look on my face and fell down, and crawled back into the house, into the bathroom and he said I was trying to drink out of the toilet, he pulled me up and carried me into the kitchen and put down on the floor and got some ice for me. He said I was talking in my sleep and saying random words in no logical order whatsoever but I was saying them fluently like I knew what I was talking about. Before my mom came home, he carried me upstairs and put me to bed, and stayed up to watch me, and he said I was talking out loud and moving around like I was having nightmares, and around midnight I sprang out of bed and ran into the bathroom and got in the shower for an hour and then went back into my room and put a shirt on backwards and some boxers but no pants and ran downstairs and stood in the kitchen for 10 minutes, just standing there. He said then I freaked out and ran upstairs into my room and he said he had to push me onto my bed and hold me down until I stopped moving, and eventually fell asleep, then he did. He woke up around 10 that day and I slept till 5. 

To sum it up in one word...insanity. That’s what if feels like if you start to snap out of it and realize what’s happening, but then you just go back into this state of total confusion and its enough to drive anyone crazy. Overall I am glad I experienced this, just to know what its like, but this is not for everyone, and I’m not saying the experience was at all pleasant, so I have no motivation to do it again anytime soon, maybe someday years from now just for some crazy fun. But this Datura seems to be something not of this world. The hallucinations were accompanied by delirium and confusion which made them seem real and like I wasn’t really tripping. This stuff truly is THE DEVIL’S WEED. 

So... I decided to take Datura orally for the first time at Burning Man in 2006. A couple months earlier I had smoked the flowers for the first time with my mother, and she had sent me off to the desert with a Ziploc full of dried leaves and flowers. Smoking the flowers, as others have reported is a slightly less relaxing buzz than that of marijuana (though surprisingly similar). Given the choice, I think I'd always pick marijuana, because it tastes better and it's less edgy. 

Anyhow, fast forward to Black Rock City, a few days into the burn. I'm there with my sister, 3 year old nephew and girlfriend of many years. We decide that I'll be the first to do this, and perhaps that they will try some the next night, depending on how it goes for me. I make sun tea out of the flowers, stems and leaves by stuffing a bunch of them into a waterbottle, and sitting it on top of the van until the sun goes down. I mix some up with a chai tea, and do my best to get it down. A pretty foul brew, and of course I make that choice I always recognize as foolish later - after my initial dose, and waiting for a short while, I feel nothing and decide to pour myself another dose. Almost immediately, the first dose kicks in. Considering the anti-emetic effects, I am lucky to vomit almost right away before it becomes impossible, kicking out some of that second dose before it piles on top of the first one. 

There's a process of being taken to the porta-potties and back to camp by my g/f. At this point, I'm having difficulty tracking the proper direction to and from these destinations, and an intense, horrid thirst. Absolutely the most parched I've ever felt in my life, and I don't have my water bottle with me during the trek. It's not pleasant in the least, and I'm squeezing my g/fs hand very hard, being mean and cranky and difficult to sit for, constantly pulling her off course and complaining loudly about how frustratingly thirsty I am as we make this little journey. Fortunately, this was probably the worst part of the whole experience, and things began to get better as soon as I managed to get back to camp and ingest some fluids. 

Nonetheless, things are coming on strong, with a lot of body buzz. After a small bit of exploring in camp, including apparently unsuccessful attempts to touch the pink flamingo attached to the van antenna, I decide that before I'm ready to deal with the world in this new state, I'm going to need to lie down in the van on the mattress and relax under the covers, and get used to my body. As I say to my companions, 'I feel like my feet are made out of something other than feet'. I spend some time in the dark, expecting the kalidescope fractals of other hallucinogens, but there's actually very little of this. 

I spend a bit of time reading (I think it was Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, but it may have been Inifinite Jest - I really can't remember at this point, except that it was one of my two large blue books, so it had to be one of them) and discover the visual distortion that will follow me through the evening. To wit, everything appears to be about six inches closer to me than it actually is (explaining my failure to make contact with the flamingo earlier that so amused my companions). I discover this because I'm unable to read my book with my glasses on, but if I take them off and hold the book at a normal distance, I'm able to read the book just as I would if I were holding it too close to my face with them off. 

Now, after a bit of accustoming myself to my new world, I get up out of bed and decide that it's time to play. My sister and g/f are not in camp when I climb out of the van and, reflecting on how unpleasant the trip to the bathroom with the g/f had been, decided to throw caution to the wind and left camp without a babysitter. When I eventually returned, I discovered that this had, of course, totally throw them for a loop, and that my g/f had a pretty good panic and went hunting for me, unsuccessfully. 

Once I set out on foot, I found that, while still present, the sensation of increased gravity began to lift away and my spirits rose. Other than the issue of depth perception, which made it seem to the people around me that I was trying to pet the things I was really trying to reach for, I didn't have the noticeable fluid visual hallucinations associate with many other hallucinogens. But, with the fact that I was at Burning Man of all places, and my lack of a babysitter to corroborate my story with, I frankly have no idea what I saw and heard that was real and what was purely a construct of my mind, making it hard to piece together a narrative of my experiences. 

I definitely experienced some disorientation, occasionally wandering into other peoples camps inappropriately. I was also subject to the phantom cigarettes and other items that so many other users report. In my case, I also had a phantom water bottle. I suspect that this phenomenon, while most commonly reported with the cigarettes, is actually something that is a user subjective occurence based on whatever repetetive actions they commonly perform. This would explain the water bottle for me (as keeping hydrated is the most common repetetive action I have going on out there on the Playa), and what I've heard for other people, like gamers who will fall into playing a game with a phantom controller. 

I had an extensive conversation with one fellow sitting under the scavenger hunt board, who I assumed was real, and a few other people encounters, but I do not recall imagining meetings with people I know, which seems to be something most people do run into. Instead, the most unusual effect is that I had what I can only call hallucinatory memories. I would find myself acting on a memory of something said or done, only to realize that not only had I not actually had the conversation or taken the action that triggered what I was doing, but that I hadn't even hallucinated the conversation or action, but that I was remembering something I had not experienced at all. Disconcerting, to say the least! 

One such scenario happened as I was trying to find my way back to our camp, and realized that I was bearing in the wrong direction, because I remembered distinctly having a discussion with someone about how a whole row of sites had been moved one row further out. Suddenly I realized that there was no way that would have happened, and that the conversation hadn't actually happened, nor had I even experienced a hallucinatory conversation, and that I was remembering something completely false. 

I also spent quite some time searching for my bicycle, which I had distinct memories of leaving... somewhere. In a very dreamlike state, I would wander looking for it, lose track of my self, start doing something else and then remember that I needed to find my bike. Eventually I gave it up for lost, and I did make it back to camp and reassured everyone that I was still alive and OK. I had never had my bike with me, it was in camp the whole time. 

After a bit, I decided that I had had probably about enough of Datura world, so I took 25mg of Trazodone which put me to sleep and allowed me to sleep well into the heat of the next day. Normally, I hate using Trazodone as a sleep aid, as it tends to require a very long window in which to rest (12-16 hours), or I'm unable to function the next day, but in this case, that was just what I needed. 

The next day I was still mildly disassociated, but I didn't have the multiday ongoing trip that many users report. Again, I think I was probably pretty fortunate to vomit early on, or I expect I would have had an even longer stranger trip. I haven't taken an oral dosage of it since, but I found my experience to be pretty positive overall, and have definitely considered doing it again. The environment I was in was, I think, a big part of why it was so positive - I can see why taking this drug around a lot of straight folks in a real city, instead of the sea of freaks in a temporary city, might be overwhelming and much more difficult to maintain. Running off without my sitter was unwise, and a bit rude of me, but I don't think I would have enjoyed that particular individual sitting me for the trip, so it turned out to be a good thing. If I do it again, I think I'd really like to have a partner in the experience to compare with, as well as a sober sitter to keep an eye on us. Both my girlfriend and sister chose not to imbibe, but I believe I was able to pass some on to another burner, though I don't recall ever getting any feedback from him on how it went. 

What follows are the events of my first two experimental Datura trips. I’m a 21 year old, 200 pound male experienced psychonaut, having used nearly all common psychedelics multiple times, as well as all but one 2C chemical. I’m an uncanny hard head to most psychedelic compounds (much to my dismay) which means I can rarely achieve the level of experience as many other experience report authors, unless taking an immensely high dose. The Datura inoxia I used was found on my college campus, and it is definitely a genuine, native specimen. I have spent much of this year researching and reading on the tropane alkaloid containing plants (Datura, belladonna, mandrake, brugmansia, and henbane to name a few). I had my heart set on belladonna, but recently I discovered a perfectly good Datura shrub, and that gave me the inspiration to begin. Both of these experiments were done indoors, in a large house with 21 members. They were all good friends, and a few of them knew what I was planning to do. I chose two experienced trip sitters to read a handful of Datura trip reports and the Datura-sitting guidelines, just in case things went sour. 

Experiment one: 

T-0:00 (3:00pm): Ground up 50 small Datura inoxia seeds in a mortar and pestle. The seed coats are exceedingly durable, and the mortar and pestle did very little to truly crush them. Moisture was expelled from them only after a long period of crushing. I chewed them as much as I could, and washed them down with water. Despite intense bitterness, I was able to choke them down with minimal gagging. This is a “test run” for me; I find it highly unlikely that the small dose will affect me. Fortunately, you can always take more after the fact, but you can never take less. At 200 pounds, this may be one of the smallest dose to weight ratios for which there is a plausible experience report. 

T+0:50: I’ve begun to feel the gradual placebo come up; something I often feel when very anxious about a new drug. It’s nearly certainly psychological, but to enhance the feeling, I smoked 10 seeds of Datura Inoxia out of a waterless bong. They smoke surprisingly well, and the taste, although slightly acrid, isn’t entirely unpleasant. It’s difficult to inhale once a certain smoke volume is reached, and the seeds taste much like a cross between burning marshmallow and gasoline. Taking large bong rips is completely out of the question due to the power of the smoke. The smoking has elicited a rather dry mouth, as expected, but only slight changes in perception. 

T+1:00: Another 10 seeds were smoked, this time with water added to the bong. This markedly increased the volume able to be inhaled. Sensory effects have begun to grow, but only slightly.

T+2:00: I’ve been trying to sleep for the last hour and surprisingly it was a comfortable nap. However, the effects were very faint. I had difficulty focusing on things, much like trying to view something after staring at the sun for a while. But the one way I knew that it was working was the dry mouth and throat; it was completely impossible to rehydrate; water simply seemed to run off the dry lining of my throat rather than absorbing into it. 

T+4:00 no new effects have cropped up, aside from more noticeable dry throat and an increase in epidermal discomfort; I felt as though I was wearing a wool jumpsuit with nothing over it. My friend and I cooked a delicious pizza, but I found it to be tasteless and dry due to the supreme lack of saliva in my mouth. It filled me up, but didn’t grant me even the slightest pleasure. 

T+6:00: I feel to be coming down already which is uncommon according to most Datura trip reports. The sore throat has gotten markedly better, my vision is slightly off kilter but barely noticeably so, and the skin irritation is no longer present. I’ll probably call it a night early, and for the next experiment, either double the seed dose and/or smoke the leaves and roots. A tea may also help. 

T+14:00: Feel much better this morning, although it has reminded me of how unpleasant the earlier night had been. I’m certainly not looking forward to upping the dosage… 


Experience 2: 

T-0:00: I chose to up the dosage considerably on my second experiment with Datura, picking one fresh flower, four fresh leaves, and roughly 300 seeds. I pulverized them all in a mortar and pestle until there was a soggy wad. This wad was added to 1.5 cups of boiling water, and I allowed fifteen minutes to elapse for the solution to concentrate and release the tropane alkaloids. One cup of the water evaporated in the boiling process, leaving ½ cup. I strained this with a coffee filter into another cup filled with lemonade and fruit punch. In this mixture, the Datura wasn’t even noticeable. 

T+1:00: The dry mouth is already in full swing, and by body does not feel good at all. There are pins and needles all over me, and no amount of rubbing helps. I have also grown extremely unbalanced, almost exactly how I feel while intoxicated with alcohol. I generally am holding on to something as I wander around my house, to keep from tripping (physically). 

T+2:00: I’ve fallen into some sort of hypnotic hibernation. I feel too lousy to walk around, my eyes hurt too much to open, and the spring water I drink is indistinguishable from puddle water. So I sit on my love sack, eyes closed, body intensely irritated. At one point, needing to go to the bathroom, I got up and swayed my way to the toilet. In my experience, walking while on Datura is much like walking blindfolded in a boulder field. It’s impossible to tell when my feet are going to land on the ground. Occasionally it felt as though I was walking with one foot on the sidewalk and one on the road. Urination is highly abnormal: I pee for much longer than average, but the volume expelled is significantly smaller. Also, after finishing, I feel like I need to go even worse than before. 

T+3:00: I believe I finally got into bed at this point, and that is where the trip truly started. It’s very difficult to explain, but I began to have the ability to switch between reality and dreams. One minute, in my mind’s eye, I’d be sitting in a field, speaking to a friend or two (in my head, not out loud). I’d jerk my eyes open and return swiftly to lying in bed. But the second my eyes closed again, there I was in an entirely new setting. The most incredible thing about these dream hallucinations was the speed with which they unraveled. I was literally having about six small dreams a minute, ranging from a quick brusque conversation to weeding a garden. Despite how mundane they were, it was always very peculiar to choose when to awake. I wouldn’t call these lucid dreams, because I was not in control of what I was dreaming; I could only manipulate the point when I started and when I ended the dream. Very few times, during what I assume were slightly more realistic dreams, I even woke myself up by speaking out loud rather than in my head. (I’ve never talked or walked in my sleep.) 

T+5:00: I’m woken up by some friends (they were not imaginary this time,) and we went downstairs to play some poker and then participate in a fraternity initiation ritual. The game had already started, and I was told to pick out my chips to buy in. Well, I counted out my chips and sat down at the table. “Did you get your chips, F?” I hear. Looking down, I see that there were no chips there. Embarrassed, I got up and counted out the chips again. I played five or so hands, but had a very difficult time reading the cards, and often made poor bets because I saw a four of hearts when it was really a five of diamonds. The ritual began, and I spent most of the time with my head down, testing the dreamlands once again. I took to having the same dream over and over again, in which I pick up a golden hexagonal prism. Each time, I tried to awaken still holding the box, but of course my fist was always tightly clenched around nothing. 

T+7:00: The ritual ends, and I’ve finally managed to get to bed. The dreams are growing longer and more difficult to awaken from, and I think the effects are starting to wear off. 

T+9:00: I wake up again to lead another ritual, but I’m so delirious at this point that I’m unable to speak much and (for all I know) really frightening the pledges. Mercifully the ritual does not take much time at all, and I’m able to return to bed. Although the sleep is fitful, I manage to fall into normal rest. 

T+15:00: The major effects are long gone, but I still feel slightly irritated. I have quite severe nearsightedness under normal circumstances, hovering around 20/100 in both eyes. However, at this point, the condition seems to have reversed. While normally I read with the book 8 inches away from my eyes, I cannot even begin to make out the letters with less that 12 inches distance between the page and my eyes. 

T+18:00: The rest of the day has turned out to get significantly better, although my short term memory is utterly destroyed. I’ve been starting conversations, and in seconds, completely losing track of what we were talking about. I’ve even lost the will to try and remember what the topic is. I’m sure things will return to baseline by tomorrow. 

Conclusion: This experience was much more like the “average” Datura report, in that it included a thin line between reality and surreality. I don’t think I reached the level I’m trying for yet, but this dose is very close. I believe I have one more attempt left in me before I leave Datura alone and move on to something with less of a body load and unpleasant side effects. However, I wish to give a good long time to prepare even more. 

Afterthought: I absolutely love altering my conscious, no matter how (Drugs, pain, meditation, or even things like removing my sight for a day). However, this drug is certainly not something I would seek out if I were looking for a good time. Although I wouldn’t call this a negative or a positive experience, I believe that an overwhelming majority of people should avoid it. Just because it grows like a weed doesn’t mean you should treat it like one. Some people say that each plant has a spirit associated with it. If marijuana’s spirit is a laid-back, spacey woman, Datura’s is a cunning and tricky sorceress. Even after years of Salvia experience, I believe Datura is fathoms more powerful, simply due to how permanently it can rip you from reality. 

I was with a few friends one night when I saw a plant with small cactus pods. I remembered having heard about it before when I was a few years younger. They were called Jimson weed. The word around the campfire was that if you cut open the pod and let the seeds dry out, they will turn brown and be edible. I had never heard anything about dosage, although, I seem to recall hearing something about eating no more than half a pod, though I am unsure if that was when I first discovered Datura or after my friends took it at my first encounter with it. Anyway, I took a few pods off the plant and decided to share them with other psychonauts I knew. I could not find the few people I knew would have tried it so I dried out a couple pods, anyway. 

A couple days later I saw that the seeds had turned gustably brown. 

At about 7:00P.M. I swallowed about half a pod which I estimated to contain about 280-320 seeds. I guess about two hours had passed until I started to feel the effects. I had no idea what to expect. I was watching something on TV with the lights off. I started to feel dissappointed. I got up to get a drink, or something, and I felt very heavy and lost my balance when I stood up. I remember telling myself 'wow, I am flying! I am really flying!'(the enthusiasm about flying came from my previous notions about powerful drugs like that: they will make you feel like you can fly). At that pseudoaerial moment the feelings were pleasant and euphoric until a vicious feeling of a cotton-mouth hit me. I 'glided' to the sink and got a drink. A few seconds later I had the same cotton mouth. I had terrible balance and poor depth perception(greatly reduced ability to know how far away anything was from my grasp). My friend Chris came home and didn't seem to notice anything was awry. Then my mum came home. 

it must have been near 8:00-30 now. 

It was November at the time and quite cold in Woodstock, Canada. I had been seeing some fast, black dots streaking across the room like a fly buzzing around. I remarked to my mum and Chris that I thought it 'amazing that flies are still buzzing around this late into November. I thought they all would have frozen.' They had no idea what I was talking about. The next thing I remember after my 'flies in November' observation was putting somebody's boot on the countertop and inserting various items like a pencil, a salt shaker, crackers, a fork, a small booklet and other small objects, into the boot. I can only remember telling my mum and Chris that I had some purpose to my actions; that it was a vital task I had to undertake. After I put all the random objects into the boot I put it back on the shoe mat, carefully and methodically. After that I stumbled to the fridge and became frustrated after attempting to grab a hold of the fridge handle. I could not sense how far away the handle was. I finally got it, flustered and nearly exhausted from so many failed attempts to open it. I just stared listlessly into the fridge and grabbed a carton of soy milk. I looked at it, astonished at what I was holding. With my eyes wide open and mouth ajar as if I had just prevented a lit cigarette in my dust bin from igniting some tissues and newspapers on fire, I asked Chris, 'wow, Chris! Where did I get this?' 'Uhhh, the fridge,' he said. At this point they still didn't grasp the seriousness of just how stoned I was. They were aware that I was acting strangely, but couldn't think of anything that would have had that effect on me. My mum was a bit worried and deduced that I must have taken something, and told Chris to keep an eye on me. 

It must have been around 9:30-10:00, about two or three hours into the ordeal, when I found myself in the bathroom, several times, as I kept walking in and out after completing some job. I remember holding an oval soap dish with a brown and golden ancient Egyptian border around it. I kept trying to wash it off and then I would place it on its side when I finished. Chris was standing at the bathroom door the whole time without my noticing him, just watching what I was doing the way someone would watch a physical altercation unfolding across a parking lot, waiting to see if it would become serious or violent before getting involved. Every once in a while I would realise he was there and tell him that things needed to be cleaned and that there was some problem in the bathroom. The most severe (if that is the right word) thing I remember from that night was waliking into the bathroom again. I looked at the mirror and noticed I had a small, white stain on my Jimi Hendrix t-shirt. I tried to rub it off and remarked to the stranger in the mirror that we had the same stain. Just seconds later I pointed out that we also had the same shirt. I became quite irritated and defensive about this imposter in my bathroom and bitterly said to him 'get the fuck out of my house! What are doin' in my house? Dude, you need to get the fuck out, now!' Chris just watched in shock. Who could ever have imagined it possible for a person to forget his own reflection? and then become enraged at it, too? He calmed me down and assured me that I was overreacting. I have no memory of what I did immediately after that. I think I blacked out, but I was still walking around. My memory seemed to have shut off. The next thing I remember, quite suddenly, as if my memory had been turned on again, was standing in the bathroom looking at my mum as she extracted a body towel, a hand towel and a face cloth from the toilet. I had no idea what was going on. She looked really worried about me. She kept asking Chris what I took but he didn't know either and they couldn't get any sensible answer from me. I have a very vague memory of having some complex purpose for putting the towels in the toilet. During all this, by the way, I had still had the savage dry mouth, so I had been drinking water periodically. 

At around 12:30 A.M., five and a half hours after I had ingested the seeds, I had still been plagued by the abrasive cotton-mouth, and by a painfully full bladder because of all the water I had drunk to quench it. I had not been able to urinate at all during the peak effects or during any of my adventures in the bathroom. All the water had added up and hurt my bladder immensely. I could not manage even a small drop of urine despite the obvious need to do so. I am not sure how much time passed after the incident with the towels, but my best guess is about 1.5-two hours. 

During the night's final stages my sense of identity returned along with my motor coordination, but I began to have unpleasantly vivid, tactile hallucinations of translucent spiders with long, curly tails composed of what seemed like fishing line. They had made me very agitated and paranoid because they had been crawling up the walls, on the floor around me, up my legs, in my hair and up the curtains. There were not swarms of them, as you might have inferred, but roughly a dozen or more visible at any moment. I became quite distressed about the situation because they felt very real. Wherever I looked I could see that their long, cumbersome tails had been making them very clumsy as they crawled. The hallucinations were so overwhelmingly vivid and tactile because whenever I stepped on their 'tails' they illusively tripped up, or got snagged beneath my feet and struggled to go anywhere, whether along the floor, or up the walls. The sensations were so tactile that I felt itchy as they stumbled up my arms and legs. I was not scared or overly distraught, or anywhere near panicking, as one would assume, but paranoid and overwrought. I compulsively scanned the room for them and tried to see where they had all come from. They had been combing the room like white smoke, everywhere I looked. My mood changed from being tensely agitated to immensely irritated by them. After repeated attempts from anxiety to squash them with my feet, my vengeful efforts to rid my home of these clumsy, hybrid creatures led me to summon my dog Lucy for help. I commanded her to 'get 'em!' and pointed to them, floundering and limping beneath her snout. She just wagged her tail as she sniffed the floor, frantically trying to get what I was pointing at and then promotly returned to her original position to listen to whatever I said. 

The next day, Chris told me I had been talking to Lucy seriously, as if she were conversing with me and satisfying my curiosity about whatever topic. She followed me everywhere I went, always at my heels or sat attentively in front of me. There was one point during my experience, despite the distressing hallucinations that absorbed me, when I realised with a small degree of deliberate cognizance, Lucy's bizarre (who's calling who bizarre?) behaviour and sensed that she knew something was wrong with me. She had a concerned, penetrating look in her eyes every time I had stopped wandering. Once again the agonising urge to urinate brought me back to the bathroom. I could still see the spiders climbing everywhere. I must have stood at the toilet with my pants down for twenty minutes, or more, while I tried to pee. I was too distracted by all the spiders struggling to climb up the toilet bowl. I flushed the toilet and they all managed to stay on the surface of the water. Eventually I started to pee,painfully and only a little at first. It definitely wasn't a situation I would want anybody seeing. I think the determination to drown the spiders in piss made myself able to finally pee. I had such a long, orgasmic emiction, perhaps the longest I have ever had. After that I went to bed, brought Lucy up, and had a conversation with her about work. I don't know how long I had been conversing with her when I suddenly came to my senses and said to myself, 'what the fuck is wrong with me? I was just talking to my dog,' and laughed. I was very glad when that was over. 

Would I do it again? Yes, now that I know what to expect. Next time I will have ice cubes at my disposal to relieve the dry mouth, this way I won't have to drink copiously. 

The Entrée: 

25 finely chewed seeds of Datura Stramonium, aged to racemize the hyoscyamine to atropine and the scopolamine to atroscine. Each seed is roughly 7-8 mgs, but alkaloid content of each seed varies too much to be consistent. 
2 bowls of Blueberry Kush, cured to decarboxylate the THCA, and smoked approximately two hours after ingestion of the Datura. 

I eye the small cluster of black, teardrop-shaped seeds in the palm of my hand with a mix of apprehension and usual pre-trip anxiety. They taste bitter with a hint of an earthy bite; not bad by any means but the hard husks get stuck in my teeth. I chew well and let the mass sit in my mouth for a few minutes to aid any sublingual absorption, and prepare to joyously delve into the bowels of torment and despair. 

The Trip: 

Eyes closed, pitch blackness. A sense of evil, a seductively malevolent vibe. Apprehension as the gears of my perspective slowly creak into the lower planes. Streaking spirals of light, growing brighter and brighter until... suddenly, break through. People and landscapes in perfect clarity as if I were watching through an invisible camera. A man turns towards his wife before stabbing her violently in the back. He rips the peeling flesh from her body as insects suddenly pour out. Cut. A pool of blood, undulating with red waves. Body parts falling in, silently splashing. No sound whatsoever to these visions. Cut. A wolf, black eyes, digging into an unidentifiable corpse. Strings of meat are dangling between its teeth. Cut. Many scenes of erotica, usually ending in gory climax. My skull is but a padded cell, the walls of which my inner demons bounce off. Themes of sadomasochism, violence punctuated by guilty pleasure. 

I hear sounds of sheer chaos. Screams, thumps. Dragging noises. Someone calling my name, louder, and louder. A gentle hiss and a bump. Cut. Spiders. Lots of spiders, pouring through the cracks of reality as if puncturing through this thin veil of ordinary life. I feel things gently running over my body. I don't open my eyes. Cut. Swinging bodies on nooses, burning. Fire, blood dripping as maggots squirm into the quivering flesh. I am carrying on a conversation with something, but I do not know what. My mind echoes with distorted fragments of meaning; snippets of grand truth ripped from this primeval chaos. Lots of blood. Death. Churning corpses being flayed. Rotating scenes of razor-sharp blades dissecting through my mind. I contemplate the nature of fear in all its manifestations--here there is true, unmitigated terror. A woman reaches back and rips the top part of her skull off; a horde of black moths flies out. I hear the whispering voices of angels. Cut. 

I lift my eyelids and stare into the darkness of my room to find relief from the torrential deluge of demonic imagery. My wall is covered with crawling black things. Posters and my pull up bar, dimly seen in the nonexistent light, are bending at absurd angles and then popping back to their rightful shape. Swarms of gnats have infested my room, making the darkness heavier with their presence. The wall shudders as its cracks begin to disgorge countless more denizens of the shadows. I have welcomed in the eldritch beasties of the night, and I'm here to pay them homage. I close my eyes again, and sink further into the welcome depths of Hell itself. 

The Aftermath: 

From the intense effects that I was experiencing (including open-eyed visuals, auditory hallucinations, and a quite intense mental trip), I expected that I had ingested too much of the tropane alkaloids and that I would undergo the typical three-day delirium that comes with an overdose. However, I woke up the next morning feeling nothing but refreshed and revived with fresh exhilaration. There was also no anticholinergic loss of cognitive faculties during the experience, which I usually feel under high doses of diphenhydramine and the like. My best guess is that marijuana synergizes wonderfully with the Datura plant (in India the combination of smoking Datura Metel with Cannabis is supposed to unify Shiva, the male spirit, with Shakti, the female spirit), and that this combination allowed me to experience a form of divinatory visions and open-eyed deliria without being overly toxic or long-lasting. 

I would not recommend this combination to anyone without first starting at low doses of 1 or 2 seeds and working your way up gradually with much time in between the doses. Datura is known to stress the cardiovascular system, and the combination with marijuana can put a great toll on the heart. Combine carefully and with low amounts. Silent meditation in the dark is good for best results, but I've also been able to use Stramonium before sleep for lucid dreaming purposes. Typically the trips manifest with an air of seductive evil, bloodshed, and death to them--things that I greatly enjoy as an alternative to the clichéd puppies and flowers atmosphere of most traditional psychedelics. 

Tread the tropane waters carefully. Here there be demons.

We walked inside, and sure enough there's a party going on. We see about 20 or so of our friends drinking, laughing, being loud. There were also strangers. Drew excused himself and went into his room, as he felt bad about the cat still. I was talking with some friends, and I noticed my friend Preston who was there, was crying blood. It looked like eye-shadow, a blood circle around his eyes. It was horrifically bizarre, and he looked like he was in pain. 'Are you okay?' I asked, and he just stared at me with an almost evil gaze, blood dripping from his face to the floor. I saw grotesque people I didn't recognize, who looked like sloth from the Goonies, but not in a comical way at all. They looked deformed, bruised, beaten, and burned, as they shuffled around the house. Some were laughing maniacally, some crying, others just staring. It was unsettling to say the least.

Things were also 'painted' on, it's like a dream, and the 3-d world is irrelevant. There were burnt cigarettes and tacks sticking sharp side up on the ground, and bizarre looking plants 'pasted' to the walls and doors. I then saw people with beet-red skin, crying blood. They looked like what you would expect demons to look like, just like every fairly tale or myth or religious text makes them out to be (minus perhaps, wings). None of this seemed particularly odd to me at the time, I was confused who they were, but wasn't gripped with fear like I probably would have been was I sober. Some of these entities were having passionate, crazy sex in the back room, but they didn't look as if were they actually enjoying themselves. I kept hearing the sound of doors slamming. Drew came down to see what I was up to, and our friend Preston started talking to the both of us. 'You guys are late, we were waiting for you,' he said. 'We didn't know this was going on' said Drew. 'Where's Kyle?' I asked. (Kyle is Drews brother.) 'I haven't seen him yet,' Preston replied. We talked, just the three of us for a couple minutes, and then Drew excused himself to the bathroom. He couldn't pee the entire time either, and our throats were probably the driest they had ever been. It hurt to swallow.

Then I met the 'spirit' of the plant, Queen Toloache, as she is known indigenously and shamnically. She was pale, (not just albino pale, but literally skin tone like the moon) and imperious. She is also fond of tricks. I talked to her for a bit, though I will not share the conservation, as I feel by doing so is disrespectful. I sat on the floor, still noticing the tacks, which shimmered in my peripheral. My friend Chloe walked in through the kitchen, looking frail, beaten, and toothless. She explained that a group of Mexicans had just beaten and gangraped her. I looked over at a towel in a clear cylinder on the table, only I didn't see the towel, I saw a talking head, and this head was Chloe's. She was crying hysterically, and Toloache told me to give her a hug, which I did. I was literally hugging a beach towel in plastic. 'Oh my God, Sam, what the fuck!?' she gut-wrenchingly yelped, and then started crying. At this point, I honestly didn't know what to do, but my bladder felt like it was going to explode, so I said I'd be back and went downstairs to the bathroom. 

Drew's Mom was playing solitare on the computer and said hello to me. I waved, and went into the bathroom. Chloe was sitting in the corner of the ceiling laughing scarily. When I walked to the toilet, Chloe was standing in my way. 'Chloe, can you please move, I have to pee like a racehorse.' She just stared for a second, and laughed. 'Chloe, if you don't move, I'm going to pee on you.' She just laughed again, louder. So that's what I tried to do. Again, almost nothing came out, but I did feel better. I went back upstairs. My Dad was there randomly, he opened the front door and said 'C'mon kid, let's went!' I wasn't expecting to see him there at all. 'I'll meet you in the car!' '...All right...' I thought, and went outside. He was no where to be found. I did see my friend Tom though, in an orange car parked right outside. He beckoned me to get in. I couldn't, the door was locked. He kept waving me inside. 'I can't,' I said. Then Tom started laughing, and this actually irritated me. 'Forget it!' I shouted at him. I was confused where my Dad went, so I sat by myself on the curb. The house across the street has a wood stove top chimney on the roof, but I saw someone committing suicide by hanging himself instead. It was like an animated GIF, when my eyes moved at all, it would reset. When they stayed focused, the man walked off the roof with a noose and hung there, waving in the breeze. 

I should have mentioned this earlier, but all straight lines shook, like an episode of Dr. Katz. Everything flickered actually, like I was witnessing the erosion of time. I had seen that kind of thing before while on strong acid. (Just the lines, not anything else.) I look next to me (I'm still on the curb) and my friend Mike is by my side. 'What's your problem, man?' he asked. 'I don't honestly know dude,' I said 'I took this plant earlier and now I can't tell exactly what's going on.' He looked at me quizzically. 'That's fine and all, and that would be a good excuse, if you weren't being such an asshole right now.' I felt like I was an asshole, ruining everyone's time, and I didn't know why. I glanced in Drew's Montero, and saw possibly the scariest thing out of this whole experience.

There was a pale creature with no eyelids, with the most piercing stare I have ever seen in my entire life, sitting in the front passenger seat. His head was shaped almost like a sharks, pointing at the top, and he had no lips, and sharp, shark-like teeth. In fact, it looked exactly like the Hellraiser character 'Butterball,' minus the sunglasses, and paler. Just like in the movie, he said nothing. I had seen Hellraiser once before, when I was like 12, and remembered near to nothing from it. It wasn't until I saw that movie again that I made the connection. In fact, I'm fairly confident Clive Barker has taken Datura before, after going through this experience. And the fact he wore sunglasses in the movie, and in 'reality' (call it what you will) had no eyelids at all, seems more than a coincidence to me. This powerful entity was the only one I could not look at straight in the face. I tried avoiding his gaze the entire time. I looked at a tree in the front yard. I could see a ghostly essence in the tree itself. Actually, I could see the 'essence' of all plant life. Chloe was right by that tree, falling over. I rushed to go help her, but she was 'painted' on a tall piece of dead grass, blowing flimsily in the wind.

I needed to pee again. I went inside through the garage and somehow Chloe had beaten me there, and was crying on a coat rack. 'I don't want to live anymore!' she cried, and it was apparent to me that she was hanging herself. 'Chloe, no' I said sorrowfully, and reached to bring her down. It wasn't Chloe, it was just a coat. I put the coat back and entered the kitchen. Kyle was there. 'Yo Samwise, how's it going?' I actually thought about that question and laughed. 'I don't know, how are you doing Drew?' I asked a piece of paper which I thought was Drew, blowing from the fan. Kyle looked at me like I was the biggest dumbass in the world, and I don't blame him one bit. I went to the upstairs bathroom, and the light didn't work, and the darkness seemed to make the visions stronger.

The toilet seat was swirling, and it was fairly hypnotizing. I also saw what looked like a ghost or shadow creature on the floor next to the toilet, outlined by a translucent silver. He was completely 2-dimensional, and appeared to be asking for my help, though I couldn't actually hear anything he was saying. I finally peed (at least more than I had yet) and felt immensely better, though I felt sorry for the shadow creature. It was kind of a dusty bathroom, and there were glowing insects attracted to the dust. They looked like ants, mini spiders, and other insects which probably don't exist, and they looked bioluminescent. I put my finger on the ground, and let one crawl onto my finger. I examined it more closely, and it's movements were that exactly like a bugs would be. It had feelers, and was 'feeling' me. I clamped my fingers together lightly and the insect crumbled like dust, it's legs floating spirally to the ground. 

I went back downstairs, and Toloache, still on the couch asked 'Did you see the life upstairs?' I nodded. I looked around, demons and deformed burn victims were still walking around nonchalantly. I went upstairs into Drew's room, to see how he was doing. He was watching TV with Mike. Then we noticed the neighbors yard via the window. It too, was bizarre. There was a four legged dog-creature (very large, and very black, with glowing red eyes) sitting on what looked like a throne, on the side of a swimming pool. There were many people basically having a blood orgy, and massive amounts of steam were rising from the water. There were also dead squirrels which littered the ground, and all throughout the branches of a large tree, were squirrel tails, hanging like evil Christmas ornaments. The Dog (whom I later found out is the second spirit associated with Datura, or second half, depending on perspective. He is known sometimes as 'The Guardian', or 'Protector', and protects Toloache) noticed us and beckoned us to come join them beyond the fence. Drew grabbed his binoculars and scoped out the scene. People were still having insatiable sex through a bunch of mist. However, with the binoculars we saw everything in grave detail. I could see the hair on this demonic dog, and the squirrel tails, and everything in clear Hi-def detail. Me and Drew saw the same thing. Drew left to get a closer look, the dog and associates still beckoning us in. Drew went to the fence line, as I stayed upstairs watching with the binoculars. Drew almost jumped the fence to join them, but I tapped on the window and shook my head. He came back up.

We were tired, and wanted to go to sleep. Drew has bunk beds and Mike called the top bunk. I said fine, but asked that he at least give me my sleeping bag. He said no. 'Just give him his sleeping bag, Mike' Drew said. 'No.' I tried pulling it from him but to no avail. Annoyed, I gave up and went in the guest room trying to sleep, as a Spy VS Spy creature watched over me, which was very unsettling. 

I didn't actually sleep, and 'woke up' at around 7:30. I decided to read up on Datura, only when I got to the computer to do so, I couldn't read text. My vision was ok, but when I tried reading text smaller than billboard size, it was out of focus. This lasted for 2 more days, and during this time I thought I was never going to be able to read again. Same with Drew. In fact, the trip lasted all together for 3 days, and residues of it (like my eyes playing tricks on me) lasted for almost two weeks. I'll cut the other 2 days out, as it's already been a fairly verbose story.

I shall summarize some though. Everyone was worried about us, they thought we were never coming down, and to be fair, neither did we. We saw Dr. Seuss creatures in trees, elves, gnomes, dwarves, pixies, demons, golems, all kinds of 
mythical/demonic/spiritual creatures. And everything Drew saw, I saw, and vice versa. We ran over a ghost with a car. Digital clocks would make Tamagachi-like animations. It looked 8-bit. The auditory hallucinations did stop after the first night, the visuals mostly after the third night. On the third day, me, Drew, and a group of our friends went into a gazebo (a usual smoking spot) in a garden to smoke. I saw gnomes having sex in the trees. Little creatures would slowly bring antennas up out of bushes, and whenever Drew and I would compare what we saw, our friends were like 'That's not fucking there! Stop it!' A train went by (we weren't that far from the tracks) and an obese naked woman was having sex with a tree just outside the garden Every time she went 'down' the train blew it's horn. The train was actually there, our friends acknowledged that. It was uncanny. She would stay down for three seconds, and the train would blow for three seconds. This experience has made me think about it every time I hear a train.

I ran into J a few days later, and he thought we had never left. He hung out with 'us' all throughout the night. Also, amazingly, Drew's parents, who were actually there the entire time, had no idea we were on anything. I don't know how, we were talking to people who weren't there, basically in front of them. We were lucky in that respect.

Afterthoughts: First of all, I'd like to say: DO NOT TAKE JIMSON WEED. 99.99% of everyone should never take this. It's all too common for someone to get arrested or end up in a psyche ward, or even get shot from walking into someone else's house, not knowing what's going on. It's also very easy to be poisoned to death, people have died from it before. Also, you will be tested by the spirit(s), and if you fail, there can be dire consequences, particularly with the protector/wolf. It's not a pleasant high. In fact there is no 'high.' I felt completely normal, despite the craziness I witnessed. It was kind of amazing I remembered taking anything at all, that's not common. I didn't really think twice about what I was seeing, just like I probably don't in a dream. This is clearly a NEGATIVE PLANE OF EXISTENCE. I don't know if I believe in Hell, but if there is one, this is realm surely has some kind of correlation. Also, it has been said that Datura seeks you out, not the other way around. I deeply believe this to be true, and I believe that I was seeked out. I think J and Drew were caught in the crosshairs. To say this was just all in our minds is hard to justify. We interacted with people who weren't there simultaneously, witnessed the same things, and saw in blaring detail clearer images through binoculars. 

I omitted much of what happened, largely because of length, and largely because much of what I experienced I consider sacred, particularly some of the conversations. Not holy per se, but sacred. Also, I've found that the first encounter with an entheogen/ally sets the tone for the rest of the relationship. Toloache still visits me periodically in my dreams. All in all, I am glad I experienced this, as I learned much, particularly about the nature of reality/realities. 
Deep garnet black color. Bold aromas of eucalyptus, blueberry chutney, and vanilla custard tart with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy honeyed cherry, peppery spice, chocolate, and mineral accented finish with chewy tannins A juicy, robust petite sirah for all occasions. Impressive. 
Deep, lustrous garnet color. Aromas of berry custard tart with a tangy, frothy fruity sweet medium-full body and a long, robust pomegranate gelato and blood orange finish. Impressive richness and depth; will be great with vanilla bean ice cream or soft cheeses. 
Pale silvery straw color. Mellow aromas of meringue, pear, and melon with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a warming, complex, very long, honeyed kiwi, delicately spiced custard, mineral, and water chestnut finish. A boldly flavorful and elegant saké that delivers maximum enjoyment. 
Dull dark ruby black color. Oaky aromas and flavors of roasted nuts, coffee beans, cranberry pie crust, and flower patch earth with a supple, tangy, dry-yet-fruity light-to-medium body and a sleek, engaging, medium-length finish with notes of pickled beets, cherry custard, and delicate spice with silky tannins and light oak. A delicious and mouthwatering red that will be great with a wide variety of dishes; chambourcin doesn't get much better than this. 
Opaque garnet brick red color. Bright lively aromas and flavors of spiced prunes and cherries, vanilla bean, floral honey, and saffron and white pepper with a satiny, lively, moderately sweet medium-to-full body and a warming, very complex, very long finish with notes of fruit leather, craisins, spiced nuts, and cola with silky tannins and light oak. A superb, mature domestic port that has benefitted tremendously from extended bottle age. 
Yellow color. Aromas and flavors of creamy nougat, kiwi, and banana custard with a vibrant, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a polished, complex, long finish with overtones of nectarine, key lime, minerals, and delicate spice. Exquisite balance, subtlety and depth of flavor; a world class pinot grigio. 
Straw color. Floral aromas and flavors of apple blossom, peach, nectarine, and tangerine with a tangy, fizzy, fruity light-to-medium body and a silky, nuanced, medium-length finish with notes of white lily, white raspberry, pear compote, and yellow watermelon with no tannins and no oak. If you want a juicy Moscato with all the classic flavors and aromas, but with vibrant acidity that balances the punchbowl full of fruit, then look no further. 
Opaque dark violet black color. Bold aromas and flavors of blueberry pie a la mode, rice krispy treat, and pink peppercorns with a silky, vibrant, fruity medium-to-full body and a smooth, complex, long finish displaying impressions of eucalyptus, exotic spice, creme brulee, and pencil shavings with silky tannins and moderate oak. A sensational flavorful and generously fruity red that is sure to please. 
Bright medium dark copper color. Lively, exotic, fruity spicy aromas of golden raisin chutney, spiced caramel cake, and butter sautéed almonds with a satiny, tangy, moderately sweet full body and a warming, long baked apricot and reduced lemon finish with silky tannins and moderate oak. A sensational flavorful and true-to-style fortified wine that drinks like a great Palo Cortado Sherry; impressive! 
Ruby black color. Bright, herbal, attractive aromas of marinated olives and raspberry tart with a silky, crisp, fruity medium body and a warming, nuanced, long sour cherries, tangerine sorbet, spiced apple, and herbed nuts finish with crunchy tannins and moderate oak. A fantastically flavorful and stylish zinfandel in the classic, hedonistic style. 
Deep garnet black color. Dense aromas of eucalyptus, chocolate toffee, mint jelly and cassis pie with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, elegant, and evolving finish with a notes of craisin, spice, vanilla, and sandalwood. An amazingly balanced and flavorful Napa cabernet. 
Beautiful golden amber color. Aromas of peach cobbler, white toffee and toasty meringue with a satiny sweet medium-full body and a spicy apple pie, raisin and apricot marmalade finish with a hint of earth. Delicious. 
Exotic aromas and flavors of potpourri, cassis, and spicy pumpkin and apple pies with a silky fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a layered cinnamon-clove spiced nuts, mocha and fine tannin finish. A superbly stylish red that will excel with prime rib or lamb. A world-class blaufrankisch. 
Bright pure gold color. Attractive aromas and flavors of honeyed golden raisins, pineapple creme brulee and apricot cake with a rich, satiny sweet and fruit medium-full body and a long, spicy apple pie and mineral accented finish. A delicious and pure dessert wine comparable to the finest Alsatian SGN. 
Deep garnet purple color. Rich aromas and flavors of cherries, raspberries, and pickled tomatoes with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, exotic berry, peppercorn, nut, parsley, and beet finish with robust tannins. A great melange of savory fruit, spice and vegetable notes that will be great at the table. This is old school Napa zin at its finest. 
Clear with a nickel cast. Aromas of pineapple, nut brittle, and honeycomb with a evolving, silky fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, polished, spiced apple, sweet cream, caramelized yam, and grassy earth accented finish. A rich, yet very elegant daigingo that will shine at the table. 
Deep garnet color. Aromas and flavors of olive and chocolate covered cherries and graham crackers with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a cassis sorbet, mocha cream, and super fine tannin finish. A seamless, hedonistic, world class cabernet for all occasions. 
Deep reddish copper color. Enticing aromas of sautéed almond, pepper, buttery salt caramel and dried citrus peels with a silky, fruity medium-to-full body and a very long, and warming orange-kiwi marmalade, toffeed nut, suede and spiced caramel baked apple accented finish. Superb complexity, depth and style, in particular the lush Sherry-like notes. 
Dark ruby black color. Aromas of olive, leather, chocolate wafer, and dried cherries with a supple, fruity medium-full body and a long, complex, pickled beet, blueberry, raisin, bacon fat, and floral orange nuanced finish. A deeply flavorful and balanced world-class zinfandel that is sure to delight. Impressive! 
Deep garnet color. Robust aromas of chocolate mint, eucalyptus and spicy cassis chutney with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, evolving cascade of sweet spices, ripe berries, menthol mint, and minerals with fine tannins. Superb flavor, structure and style make this an exquisite cabernet. 
Nearly opaque brick red color. Vibrant pickled tomato-pepper relish, chocolate currant, honeycomb, and dried eucalyptus leaf aromas with a supple dry-yet-fruity medium-full body and a rich, concentrated blueberry, raisin, praline and peppercorn finish with dusty tannins. Vibrant and balanced; serve with prime rib. 
Delicate aromas of yellow apple, nectarine, banana custard and faint rubber sap with a crisp, fruity medium-to-full body a long tangy, and rich honey cream and golden plum finish. A sensational world class riesling. 
Aromas and flavors of chocolate covered black raspberries and graham crackers and peppercorns with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a juicy, roasted nut, smoked pepper bacon and spiced pear accented finish. Rich, vibrant and pure syrah flavors. A world-class wine that is an unbelievable value. 
Garnet black color. Rich melted toffee, strawberry-raspberry pie, watermelon gelato, honeycomb, and clay aromas are inviting with a satiny fruity medium-to-full body and a long, tangy pomegranate, tomato, praline, sour cherry, and passionfruit finish. A sensationally delicious shiraz that hits all of the high notes with complexity, power and finesse. 
Garnet black color. Resonant aromas of candle wax, oiled leather, olive, clay, and blackberry yogurt with a silky, dryish medium-full body and a long, seamless interplay of tart berries, cocoa, spices, and forest floor minerality. A great earthy, savory table wine that is a dead ringer for a left bank Bordeaux. 
Chocolate and vanilla toffees, plum pie, and peppery spice aromas with a silky, dry-yet-fruity medium body and a long, tangy, craisin and raspberry finish with elegant tannins. Exceptionally tasty and nicely balanced for sipping or the table. 
Ruby black color. Very bright and fruity aromas of spiced cherries, eucalyptus jelly, and melted toffee with a silky, fruity medium-full body and a long, juicy herb, melon,nougat, and citrus accented finish. A sensational vibrant and flavorful pinot for sipping or pair with spicy salmon teriyaki. 
Inky violet color paints the glass. Aromas and flavors of dark chocolate mint cookie and blackberry yogurt with a fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a tangy, concentrated finish with chewy tannins. A spot-on petite sirah with great depth and purity. 
Deep ruby black color with a brick rim. Dense aromas and flavors of chocolate craisins and nuts and delicate spice with tangy, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a long, concentrated finish with notes of cedar, dried cherry and forest floor. A fantastically flavorful and balanced Amarone. 
Garnet violet black color. Elegant aromas of dark berries, chocolate toffee, and baking spices with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, mocha, apple and mineral nuanced finished with perfected integrated tannins. A remarkably flavorful and polished merlot that will be great with filet mignon. 
Dark ruby black color. Intense aromas of cassis, menthol mint, and eucalyptus with a vibrant tangy sweet medium-to-full body and a lengthy honeycomb and pepper accented finish. A zesty, super-pure, fruit dessert wine. A absolute must-try in Kir Royals and other cocktails too. 
Garnet violet color. Dense aromas of spicy, honeyed dried berries, peaches, and pears are unique and very attractive with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, chiseled finish with pure, tangy grilled apple, spice, nut, roasted root vegetable, cedar and earth notes. A incredibly impressive zin for savoring on its own or to serve the finest cuts of meat. 
Clear pale golden yellow color. Attractive umami driven aromas of salty sautéed mushrooms and soy beans, grilled coconut, and caramelized nuts with a satiny, dry-yet-fruity medium-to-full body and a honeyed nectarine and creamy vanilla-pear custard accented finish. A delicious, artfully crafted 
Pale silvery straw color. Aromas of Asian pear, anise, overripe pineapple, and spicy fruit cocktail with a supple, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a vibrant peach gelato, vanilla cola, pepper and radish finish. A bold commanding sake. 
Faint golden silver color. Bright aromas of tamari, roasted chestnut, and fig with a satiny fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a long, savory sautéed shittake, root vegetable, chocolate drizzled pear, and bamboo nuanced finish. Remarkable aged sake complexity and vibrancy. Will be sensational with tempura and teriyaki. 
Clear. Bright aromas and flavors of star anise, Asian pear, pineapple custard, and sweet potato with buoyant silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-full body and a rich, lingering finish with notes of cream vanilla frosting, caramel apple, bamboo shoot, and almond cookie. A sensational, world class daiginjo. 
Dark garnet violet color. Bold aromas and flavors of wet clay, olive, nut brittle, baker's chocolate, and dried currants with a silky, dryish medium body and a long, savory, earthy finish with plush, chewy tannins. A fantastically expressive and terroir-driven Napa cabernet that is very reminiscent of a top Saint-Estèphe. 
Opaque with a purple rim and red stained legs. Aromas of black currant, briar, black cherry, leather and vanilla. Juicy black cherry, currant and black plum flavors are framed with vanilla, mocha, cocoa nibs and allspice. Deliciously smooth and classic. Napa cabernet 
Purple black color. Aromas of toasty Black Forest cake and toffee with a satiny, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and long, creamy mocha, dried berry, pink pepper, and orange blossom honey finish with seamless tannins. A delicious, brilliantly focused and balanced zinfandel. Very impressive. 
Golden yellow color. Aromas of butter roasted nuts, coconut, and vanilla buttercream with a silky, fruity-yet-dry medium-to-full body and a long, tangy, and spicy apple pie and Meyer lemon sorbet finish. A delicious, rich, and appetizing chardonnay for all occasions that is a superb marriage of fruit and oak. 
Garnet violet color. Robust aromas of raspberry tart, mocha, and vanilla with a satiny, fruity medium-to-full body and a long, juicy oak spice kissed finish. Fantastic flavor and balance. This is what zinfandel is all about, pure pleasure. 
